
Samples for 'thing':
isposed to think Miss Taylor had done as sad a thing for herself as for them , and would have been 
eeting every day . '' `` Dear Emma bears every thing so well , '' said her father . `` But , Mr. Kn
uld never marry again , may comfort me for any thing . '' Mr. Knightley shook his head at her . Her
e idle day , ` I think it would be a very good thing for Miss Taylor if Mr. Weston were to marry he
little matters , it might not have come to any thing after all . I think you must know Hartfield en
 with us some day . That will be a much better thing . I dare say Mr. Knightley will be so kind as 
h you entirely , that it will be a much better thing . Invite him to dinner , Emma , and help him t
rm heart and sweet temper made him think every thing due to her in return for the great goodness of
bury , was a very old lady , almost past every thing but tea and quadrille . She lived with her sin
t of a seminary , or an establishment , or any thing which professed , in long sentences of refined
e the acquaintance . She was not struck by any thing remarkably clever in Miss Smith's conversation
artlessly impressed by the appearance of every thing in so superior a style to what she had been us
never indifferent to the credit of doing every thing well and attentively , with the real good-will
y unwholesome made him rather sorry to see any thing put on it ; and while his hospitality would ha
lity would have welcomed his visitors to every thing , his care for their health made him grieve th
th 's intimacy at Hartfield was soon a settled thing . Quick and decided in her ways , Emma lost no
id not want . It was quite a different sort of thing , a sentiment distinct and independent . Mrs. 
ere was nothing to be done ; for Harriet every thing . Her first attempts at usefulness were in an 
t could not tell . She was ready to tell every thing in her power , but on this subject questions w
d said how fond she was of them , and in every thing else he was so very obliging . He had his shep
eved he was very clever , and understood every thing . He had a very fine flock , and , while she w
 good deal -- but not what you would think any thing of . He reads the Agricultural Reports , and s
to impossible that he should have realised any thing yet . '' `` To be sure , so it is . But they l
no indoors man , else they do not want for any thing ; and Mrs. Martin talks of taking a boy anothe
st support your claim to that station by every thing within your own power , or there will be plent
 owed a wife of very superior character to any thing deserved by his own . Lady Elliot had been an 
his eldest , he would really have given up any thing , which he had not been very much tempted to d
ion ; which must be contemplated as a possible thing , because we know how difficult it is to keep 
n the use of the pleasure-grounds , is another thing . I am not fond of the idea of my shrubberies 
as persuaded to believe the engagement a wrong thing : indiscreet , improper , hardly capable of su
he Crofts were approved , terms , time , every thing , and every body , was right ; and Mr Shepherd
 what was intended as to the waggons : and one thing I have had to do , Mary , of a more trying nat
 an afternoon of distress , and Anne had every thing to do at once ; the apothecary to send for , t
king about . I have not nerves for the sort of thing . '' `` But , could you be comfortable yoursel
 when you came to the Asp , to see what an old thing they had given you . '' `` I knew pretty well 
er your care ! Ah ! it would have been a happy thing , if he had never left you . I assure you , Ca
Captain Wentworth . She felt that he had every thing to elevate him which general attention and def
rth ' sounds very well . That would be a noble thing , indeed , for Henrietta ! She would take plac
ve Henrietta marry Charles Hayter ; a very bad thing for her , and still worse for me ; and therefo
e . What ! would I be turned back from doing a thing that I had determined to do , and that I knew 
rdering a dinner at one of the inns , the next thing to be done was unquestionably to walk directly
ch party to Lyme , without considering it as a thing of course that they should dine with them . Th
Do not you agree with me , that it is the best thing he could do , both for himself and Mrs Shirley
 , if Mrs Harville would but think so . '' One thing more , and all seemed arranged . Though it was
having glass in one corner , and another great thing that I never go near . '' Anne , amused in spi
general way ; but however , it is a very clear thing that he admires you exceedingly . His head is 
 is necessary in manners to make him quite the thing , are more absurd , I believe , than those of 
d ; clearer , fresher . Had she been using any thing in particular ? '' `` No , nothing . '' `` Mer
t a little learning is by no means a dangerous thing in good company ; on the contrary , it will do
its ; that Sunday travelling had been a common thing ; that there had been a period of his life ( a
e at such a time , and he promised to do every thing in his power to make them comfortable . His fa
t senses , he could not have thought of such a thing as begging you to give away half your fortune 
rous spirit ! '' `` I would not wish to do any thing mean , '' he replied . `` One had rather , on 
d , and afterwards it turned out to be no such thing . My mother was quite sick of it . Her income 
he world . '' `` It is certainly an unpleasant thing , '' replied Mr. Dashwood , '' to have those k
ly . I would not bind myself to allow them any thing yearly . It may be very inconvenient some year
ed Mrs. John Dashwood . `` But , however , ONE thing must be considered . When your father and moth
, Elinor , if my praise of him is not in every thing equal to your sense of his merits . I have not
 of his goodness and sense . I think him every thing that is worthy and amiable . '' `` I am sure ,
hould incommode them no longer than till every thing were ready for her inhabiting it . They heard 
n Middleton 's first letter to Norland , every thing was so far settled in their future abode as to
 were handsome . But one must not expect every thing ; though I suppose it would be no difficult ma
rty-five and seventeen had better not have any thing to do with matrimony together . But if there s
him and her own gratitude prompted ; and every thing that passed during the visit tended to assure 
 recommended him to her affection beyond every thing else . His society became gradually her most e
esent she had no eyes for any one else . Every thing he did , was right . Every thing he said , was
 else . Every thing he did , was right . Every thing he said , was clever . If their evenings at th
rties arranged by her husband , provided every thing were conducted in style and her two eldest chi
ormed under her active imagination ; and every thing established in the most melancholy order of di
uncle . '' `` But indeed this is quite another thing . I am sure they will be married very soon , f
open carriages only to be employed , and every thing conducted in the usual style of a complete par
in the same eager tone , `` with all and every thing belonging to it ; -- in no one convenience or 
re you , and I can perfectly account for every thing that at first seemed strange to me as well as 
s not likely that I should now see or hear any thing to change them . '' `` Marianne is as steadfas
 must go . He valued their kindness beyond any thing , and his greatest happiness was in being with
reature after his kind , cattle , and creeping thing , and beast of the earth after his kind : and 
kind , and cattle after their kind , and every thing that creepeth upon the earth after his kind : 
d over all the earth , and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth . 1:27 So God cre
er the fowl of the air , and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth . 1:29 And God said
 , and to every fowl of the air , and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth , wherein there i
 meat : and it was so . 1:31 And God saw every thing that he had made , and , behold , it was very 
arth ; both man , and beast , and the creeping thing , and the fowls of the air ; for it repenteth 
breath of life , from under heaven ; and every thing that is in the earth shall die . 6:18 But with
s ' wives with thee . 6:19 And of every living thing of all flesh , two of every sort shalt thou br
of cattle after their kind , of every creeping thing of the earth after his kind , two of every sor
at are not clean , and of fowls , and of every thing that creepeth upon the earth , 7:9 There went 
e cattle after their kind , and every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth after his kind , 
 cattle , and of beast , and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth , and every man :
8:1 And God remembered Noah , and every living thing , and all the cattle that was with him in the 
thee . 8:17 Bring forth with thee every living thing that is with thee , of all flesh , both of fow
f fowl , and of cattle , and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth ; that they may b
s with him : 8:19 Every beast , every creeping thing , and every fowl , and whatsoever creepeth upo
th ; neither will I again smite any more every thing living , as I have done . 8:22 While the earth
our hand are they delivered . 9:3 Every moving thing that liveth shall be meat for you ; even as th
o a shoelatchet , and that I will not take any thing that is thine , lest thou shouldest say , I ha
ety bear a child , which am old ? 18:14 Is any thing too hard for the LORD ? At the time appointed 
the LORD said , Shall I hide from Abraham that thing which I do ; 18:18 Seeing that Abraham shall s
m , See , I have accepted thee concerning this thing also , that I will not overthrow this city , f
 , What sawest thou , that thou hast done this thing ? 20:11 And Abraham said , Because I thought ,
 with my son , even with Isaac . 21:11 And the thing was very grievous in Abraham 's sight because 
n 's despite . '' HOLY THURSDAY Is this a holy thing to see In a rich and fruitful land , -- Babes 
 's growl . THE CHIMNEY SWEEPER A little black thing in the snow , Crying `` weep ! weep ! '' in no
 ; The weeping parents wept in vain . Are such thing done on Albion 's shore ? A LITTLE GIRL LOST C
great thy use , how great thy blessing , every thing that lives . Lives not alone nor or itself : f
 not for ourselves , Thou seest me the meanest thing , and so I am indeed : My bosom of itself is c
s so often that at last there was not a single thing left alive in the jungle besides the Lion , ex
pped and said , `` What is a trap ? '' `` That thing is a trap , '' said the little City Mouse . ``
t they were saying : -- '' You are the biggest thing on the land , Brother Elephant , '' said the W
 , '' said the Whale , `` and I am the biggest thing in the sea ; if we join together we can rule a
d think of to keep him from doing so foolish a thing , but the little Half-Chick laughed at her nau
 the Cook looked out and saw him . `` The very thing for the King 's dinner ! '' she said . `` I wa
o bed , He laid awake and thaught What a foine thing 'twad be To fetch her home and bile her up For
d . ) When he got home his Mammy looked at the thing on the end of the string , and she said , -- '
 her my own self . But I 'll just tell you one thing , Epaminondas ! You see these here six mince p
d-boy lost all his sheep . That is the kind of thing that happens to people who lie : even when the
en of America . But I think the most beautiful thing about her is what I have been telling you : th
from him . Then he and his rulers did a wicked thing . They made the Israelites slaves . And they g
 the king afraid . Then he did the most wicked thing of all . He ordered his soldiers to kill every
ll give thee wages . '' Was not that a strange thing ? And can you think how happy the baby's mothe
o it went , all day . Elsa flew about from one thing to another , and the ten fairies did the work 
ver in the world would I do such an ungrateful thing ! Just let me out a little minute , to get a l
n , and to abide by their decision . The first thing they came to , to ask , was an old Banyan Tree
, Brother Bullock , does it seem to you a fair thing that this Tiger should eat me up , after I hav
in the world makes you want to do such a crazy thing ? Why should you want to roll over ? '' `` Oh 
re all well above the ground . Then a terrible thing happened . One day , the men who were watering
s . Margery was delighted . And the very first thing she said , when her father told her about it ,
oon agreed that the garden should be the first thing attended to . Behind the cottage were apple tr
rd weeding . He was not going to have any such thing for his two `` little girls , '' as he called 
all so happy that it did not matter . The last thing Margery thought of , as she went to sleep at n
ather laughed . `` What makes you think such a thing ? '' he asked . `` Papa , '' said Margery , ``
er as Little Joe did , it amounted to the same thing . You see , Buster knew perfectly well when he
 a fish right under his nose . He did the same thing in the next pool and the next . Buster Bear's 
, long time . At the next little pool the same thing happened . By this time Buster Bear was in fin
 down to the next little pool and did the same thing . Now Buster Bear is very smart . You know he 
 . Now having one 's own way too much is a bad thing . It is apt to make one selfish and thoughtles
 Grandfather Frog is right , and that the best thing I can do is to make friends with Buster Bear .
ed on to the next little pool . There the same thing happened . He was very patient , very , very p
 a puzzled frown on his freckled face . Such a thing never had happened before . He did n't know wh
Brown 's boy 's hair to rise . That 's a funny thing for hair to do -- rise up all of a sudden -- i
d fear make it do that . But there is only one thing that can make the hair on the head of Farmer B
pen . It was very exciting , the most exciting thing they could remember . You see , they had come 
 . What was going to happen ? XIV A SURPRISING THING HAPPENS Blacky the Crow and Sammy Jay , lookin
ppened to be where they could see did the same thing . You see , it was the most exciting moment ev
 sight . Altogether it was the most surprising thing that the little people of the Green Forest eve
s also true that Buster Bear had done the same thing . He had run even faster than Farmer Brown 's 
le Chatterer the Red Squirrel shouted the same thing from a place just out of reach in a big pine-t
 brought all his habits with him . That is one thing about habits , -- you always take them with yo
ny how two people will often think of the same thing at the same time , and neither one know that t
st what it was or where it came from . But one thing he was sure of , and that was that it was a cr
seen in all his life ! Now if there is any one thing that Buster Bear had rather have above another
ht of the time . Somehow , time is the hardest thing in the world to remember , when you are having
nd delight . Right in front of him was a shiny thing just full of the finest , biggest , bluest ber
p himself . Buster looked sharply at the shiny thing that held the berries . It seemed perfectly ha
 upset the pail , but he did n't mind a little thing like that . When he had gobbled up all the ber
 fast over his head so that he could n't see a thing . Of course , that meant that he could n't run
she could not remember ever having seen such a thing . After a while , finding that nothing more ha
ired herself out with trying , the poor little thing sat down and cried . 'Come , there 's no use i
drowned in my own tears ! That WILL be a queer thing , to be sure ! However , everything is queer t
peaking to a mouse : she had never done such a thing before , but she remembered having seen in her
 could only see her . She is such a dear quiet thing , ' Alice went on , half to herself , as she s
ashing her face -- and she is such a nice soft thing to nurse -- and she's such a capital one for c
 air , 'are you all ready ? This is the driest thing I know . Silence all round , if you please ! `
hat `` it '' means well enough , when I find a thing , ' said the Duck : 'it 's generally a frog or
odo in an offended tone , 'was , that the best thing to get us dry would be a Caucus-race . ' 'What
do it . ' ( And , as you might like to try the thing yourself , some winter day , I will tell you h
h , they all cheered . Alice thought the whole thing very absurd , but they all looked so grave tha
le , looking as solemn as she could . The next thing was to eat the comfits : this caused some nois
es next ! ' And she began fancying the sort of thing that would happen : ' '' Miss Alice ! Come her
y I 'm quite tired of being such a tiny little thing ! ' It did so indeed , and much sooner than sh
d to read fairy-tales , I fancied that kind of thing never happened , and now here I am in the midd
ited to see what would happen next . The first thing she heard was a general chorus of 'There goes 
ound herself safe in a thick wood . 'The first thing I 've got to do , ' said Alice to herself , as
o grow to my right size again ; and the second thing is to find my way into that lovely garden . I 
t one paw , trying to touch her . 'Poor little thing ! ' said Alice , in a coaxing tone , and she t
id not see anything that looked like the right thing to eat or drink under the circumstances . Ther
r , I 've got back to my right size : the next thing is , to get into that beautiful garden -- how 
by violently up and down , and the poor little thing howled so , that Alice could hardly hear the w
 star-fish , ' thought Alice . The poor little thing was snorting like a steam-engine when she caug
 said the last words out loud , and the little thing grunted in reply ( it had left off sneezing by
 altogether Alice did not like the look of the thing at all . 'But perhaps it was only sobbing , ' 
their origin , forgetful of their names . That thing which looked like an enormous key with three w
ent of two corkscrews was really the key . The thing which might have been mistaken for a tricycle 
t men of all kinds that you put me inside this thing ? '' `` An entertaining retort , in the narrow
of the Universe . Now , heaven is the hopeless thing , more hopeless than any hell . Now , if there
ank into the cloud as into any common mist , a thing without resistance . There was , as it were , 
es , of irreconcilable direction . That silent thing up there is essentially a collision , a crash 
say they are at cross-purposes . Away with the thing ! The very shape of it is a contradiction in t
teach mankind . You would see , I think , that thing happen which is always the ultimate embodiment
ore deeply or delicately see that paradox is a thing which especially belongs to all religions . Pa
ntal fact of the matter know that paradox is a thing which belongs not to religion only , but to al
 seriously as children 's do , as if it were a thing with which something satisfactory could be don
ring and unaccountable . He had said the worst thing that could be said ; and it seemed accepted an
ck hair bore the mark of that unknown historic thing which is crudely called Celtic , but which is 
he said , after a long pause , `` that sort of thing was built under the Stuarts ! '' Then with a s
ent Highlander read it stolidly to the end ; a thing unknown among the most enthusiastic subscriber
're perfectly right . Perhaps I have taken the thing too seriously . I should love to see him sendi
s ; but I am sorry I troubled you about such a thing as honour . Look here , my man . I do believe 
hlander , glancing doubtfully at the squirming thing on the floor . `` And now , '' said Turnbull ,
ing from its officers . Our future action is a thing about which I myself entertain sufficiently st
concede a certain truth . We _must_ fight this thing out somewhere ; because , as you truly say , w
s no holding them . Whatever secret and elvish thing it is that broods over editors and suddenly tu
editors and suddenly turns their brains , that thing had seized on the story of the broken glass an
r sunrise , and sunrise had been no such great thing after all . Turnbull shivered again in the sha
he English are really more angry about a wrong thing done in England than they are about a wrong th
ng done in England than they are about a wrong thing done in France . '' `` It is not a wrong thing
 but a hot , logical Latin who liked a certain thing and was it . His poetry was as straightforward
 her worldly respectability a fresh and hearty thing . They were in an eddy of excitement about som
les as if by Napoleon . '' `` Now that sort of thing , '' observed the banker weightily , '' would 
, but I do not mean to presume on it . The odd thing I have to say will come far better from a stra
is also the secret of the revolution -- that a thing can be violent and yet fruitful . '' `` You ar
ound the poet 's head like a purple windmill a thing happened which was superficially even more sta
ling . When he had done so , a most remarkable thing occurred . A very quiet man , very poorly dres
 it would be really immoral to announce such a thing to a credulous public if it had not occurred ,
ut if it meant this capture in the hills , the thing is nonsense . Why should the brigand-courier w
ampagne bottle , but that was the only festive thing about him . His coat hung on him as on a peg ;
 ? '' asked the priest `` That 's just the odd thing , '' replied Flambeau . `` It 's exactly like 
ith a face of blank bewilderment . `` The only thing I can think of .... Well , I never understood 
all it uncommonly thin . But that 's the queer thing about the whole business . The lie is like a s
fic and strictly professional terms . But this thing 's elaborately simple , like a penny dreadful 
hrewd person might also have noted a yet odder thing . The man like a black wooden Noah ( who was n
bout her task . There was , perhaps , only one thing that Aurora Rome was clever about , and that w
 I shall do so . There was something about the thing that was not exactly a woman and yet was not q
s return to the upper end of the passage , the thing he saw in the passage , his suspicion of Seymo
hold of the stick by the right end . I saw the thing done once and I 've never believed in it since
l notice that these two cuttings have only one thing in common , which is the mention of Pilgrim 's
nsiderably strained . `` That 's how the whole thing looks supposing this Rian made for Pilgrim 's 
ed the machine first just in order to test the thing in other ways afterwards and the machine , sir
ughts . `` It does n't say ` Sela ' , like the thing in the Psalms ; I read it like that myself whe
 see protegees , humble friends , that sort of thing , or you 'd have gone through into the parlour
k a man as clever as you can guess the sort of thing that would begin to relieve the monotony for a
s , And none but you shall understand the true thing that it tells -- Of what colossal gods of sham
r only . If it were not so , the most poetical thing in the world would be the Underground Railway 
as prosaic as your poetry . The rare , strange thing is to hit the mark ; the gross , obvious thing
thing is to hit the mark ; the gross , obvious thing is to miss it . We feel it is epical when man 
sick and being rebellious may be the wholesome thing on certain desperate occasions ; but I 'm hang
dation of all poetry . Yes , the most poetical thing , more poetical than the flowers , more poetic
e poetical than the stars -- the most poetical thing in the world is not being sick . '' `` Really 
metimes a man like your brother really finds a thing he does mean . It may be only a half-truth , q
 would n't really use -- bombs or that sort of thing ? '' Syme broke into a great laugh , that seem
rest . Gregory went on . `` The history of the thing might amuse you , '' he said . `` When first I
 a moment modestly . `` It is almost a settled thing that I am to be Thursday . '' `` My dear fello
ll you swear by Humanity , or whatever beastly thing you believe in , that you will not tell my sec
 to a small particular . There was one special thing you promised me at the beginning of the affair
 into something , so he revolted into the only thing left -- sanity . But there was just enough in 
 as for making yourself clear , it is the last thing you do . How comes a man like you to be talkin
s of some Egyptian palace ; and , indeed , the thing suited his mood , for he was , in his own mind
 you everything that can be told . But the one thing that can never be told is the last notion of t
 across the sky . But there was one persistent thing which first troubled Syme and at last terrifie
promise . He had promised never to do the very thing that he now felt himself almost in the act of 
day in bed . '' `` No , if the only end of the thing is nothing , '' said Dr. Bull with his sphinx-
ime . `` I must protest , President , that the thing is irregular , '' he said . `` It is a fundame
archists . He shuddered , remembering the real thing . But even the shudder had the delightful sham
toop to be fearless -- like a tree ? Fight the thing that you fear . You remember the old tale of t
X THE MAN IN SPECTACLES '' BURGUNDY is a jolly thing , '' said the Professor sadly , as he set his 
ars . He was ascending the house of reason , a thing more hideous than unreason itself . By the tim
rphans as you 'll soon all of you be . And one thing comforts my heart , even as I AM lying here , 
to have a house to herself , and that the only thing she had to do was to get some neighbour to tak
r wanted the goat 's milk , which was the only thing she then liked to drink . Mary went immediatel
 could not help liking him . But there was one thing which was at first rather disagreeable to him 
 '' said Mary , `` that I have driven the poor thing away from that place ; I was always afraid she
ve in was , a little while ago , the uppermost thing in Mary 's thoughts , now it was not so . One 
at I got to-day . '' `` What kind of a looking thing is it ? '' said Jem . `` White , and like glas
nce went and bought his nuts . `` It is a good thing , '' said he to himself , `` to play at pitch 
 , only , '' said his mistress , `` I have one thing to ask you , that I may be by when you show yo
her own compassion . `` This is a very strange thing ! '' said she , gravely . `` How came you to l
w . I do n't say but what edication is a great thing . But then , ma'am , edication ca n't change t
' In this hope he was mistaken ; for the first thing Mrs. Pomfret did in the morning was to come in
 own hands last night , in the hall , the last thing I did , after you , '' said she , turning to t
hear you . '' The love of mystery was the only thing which could have conquered Mrs. Pomfret 's lov
d steady to his maxim , that the truth was the thing the fittest to be spoken at all times , his vo
which I wo n't do , Mr. Case . The ground is a thing not worth talking of ; but it 's neither yours
e , sir , I 'd pledge my whole credit upon the thing -- I 'd stake my existence . '' `` THAT 'S SOM
ds made upon Sir Arthur . `` There 's only one thing we have forgotten all this time , '' said Sir 
gency , even for the winter season , was not a thing to be neglected ; and that , if he managed wel
tle village , amongst the younger tribe , is a thing that is thought of a good deal ; but Susan 's 
nothing to the boys , for fear it might be the thing would not take ; and then it would be worse ag
is not mannerly ; but the truth is the fittest thing to be spoken , as I think , at all times ; the
rbara , `` do n't forget to-morrow , the first thing you do , to send off to Shrewsbury for my new 
 the Abbey , with my compliments . That 's the thing . '' In full confidence that her present and h
e 'prentice of a Shrewsbury milliner , was THE THING in London ; and she was much surprised and dis
 that is in the sea . '' -- ISAIAH '' And what thing soever besides cometh within the chaos of this
ORY OF LIFE AND DEATH . '' `` The sovereignest thing on earth is parmacetti for an inward bruise . 
-- do not enjoy themselves much , as a general thing ; -- no , I never go as a passenger ; nor , th
 in a May meadow . And at first , this sort of thing is unpleasant enough . It touches one 's sense
uses of the public ; so , entering , the first thing I did was to stumble over an ash-box in the po
 ' , so you 'd better get used to that sort of thing . '' I told him that I never liked to sleep tw
he then took the New Zealand head -- a ghastly thing enough -- and crammed it down into the bag . H
llow . However , a good laugh is a mighty good thing , and rather too scarce a good thing ; the mor
ghty good thing , and rather too scarce a good thing ; the more 's the pity . So , if any one man ,
ish . Still , for the most part , that sort of thing is to be had anywhere . These reflections just
t I , there must be some sober reason for this thing ; furthermore , it must symbolize something un
nt lesson to us is this prophet ! What a noble thing is that canticle in the fish 's belly ! How bi
icularly written , shipmates , as if it were a thing not to be overlooked in this history , 'that h
h no doubt he had never heard there was such a thing as that . But , perhaps , to be true philosoph
ndship would have seemed far too premature , a thing to be much distrusted ; but in this simple sav
 I asked him why he carried such a troublesome thing with him ashore , and whether all whaling ship
oarding house . Not to seem ignorant about the thing -- though in truth he was entirely so , concer
vy with pendants of polished ivory . She was a thing of trophies . A cannibal of a craft , tricking
sible conclusion that a man 's religion is one thing , and this practical world quite another . Thi
ght that the 275th lay would be about the fair thing , but would not have been surprised had I been
ing I was of a broad-shouldered make . But one thing , nevertheless , that made me a little distrus
ord with Captain Ahab . But nothing about that thing that happened to him off Cape Horn , long ago 
 way -- you ca n't fool us . It is the easiest thing in the world for a man to look as if he had a 
herwise inexplicable question . But I beat the thing down ; and again marking the sleeper , jocular
 strike the tent was well known to be the next thing to heaving up the anchor . `` Man the capstan 
 not feared ( God and his Son except , Created thing naught valued he nor shunned ) , And with disd
at it intends , till first I know of thee What thing thou art , thus double-formed , and why , In t
th to life , whate'er death is , Some dreadful thing no doubt ; for well thou knowest God hath pron
trict watch , that to this happy place No evil thing approach or enter in . This day at highth of n
 , and over all the Earth , And every creeping thing that creeps the ground . This said , he formed
e sea , and fowl of the air , And every living thing that moves on the Earth . Wherever thus create
easant villages and farms Adjoined , from each thing met conceives delight ; The smell of grain , o
 , whom the pain Of death denounced , whatever thing death be , Deterred not from achieving what mi
 , and remote to see from thence distinct Each thing on Earth ; and other care perhaps May have div
e , And render me more equal ; and perhaps , A thing not undesirable , sometime Superiour ; for , i
 and fowl ; No homely morsels ! and , whatever thing The sithe of Time mows down , devour unspared 
 liefe not be , as liue to be In awe of such a Thing , as I my selfe . I was borne free as Caesar ,
is spirit That could be mou 'd to smile at any thing . Such men as he , be neuer at hearts ease , W
ine , hee said , If hee had done , or said any thing amisse , he desir 'd their Worships to thinke 
s sad away Cask . I Cassi . Did Cicero say any thing ? Cask . I , he spoke Greeke Cassi . To what e
d , when all the sway of Earth Shakes , like a thing vnfirme ? O Cicero , I haue seene Tempests , w
em to send destruction Cic . Why , saw you any thing more wonderfull ? Cask . A common slaue , you 
 For the base matter , to illuminate So vile a thing as Caesar . But oh Griefe , Where hast thou le
ce the Quarrell Will beare no colour , for the thing he is , Fashion it thus ; that what he is , au
not slept . Betweene the acting of a dreadfull thing , And the first motion , all the Interim is Li
breake with him , For he will neuer follow any thing That other men begin Cas . Then leaue him out 
Exit Por . I must go in : Aye me ! How weake a thing The heart of woman is ? O Brutus , The Heauens
s 4.Ple . Plucke downe Formes , Windowes , any thing . Exit Plebeians . Ant . Now let it worke : Mi
e is merry , And in this mood will giue vs any thing Ser . I heard him say , Brutus and Cassius Are
us . Enter Lucius with the Gowne . Bru . Euery thing is well Cassi . Good night my Lord Bru . Good 
s Apparition . It comes vpon me : Art thou any thing ? Art thou some God , some Angell , or some Di
u . Yes that thou did'st : Did'st thou see any thing ? Luc . Nothing my Lord Bru . Sleepe againe Lu
 Both . Did we my Lord ? Bru . I : saw you any thing ? Var . No my Lord , I saw nothing Clau . Nor 
r showts ? Alas , thou hast misconstrued euery thing . But hold thee , take this Garland on thy Bro
bring vs word , vnto Octauius Tent : How euery thing is chanc 'd . Exeunt . Enter Brutus , Dardaniu
welcome good Marcellus Mar . What , ha 's this thing appear 'd againe to night Bar . I haue seene n
of Voyce , Speake to me . If there be any good thing to be done , That may to thee do ease , and gr
crew Hor . And then it started , like a guilty thing Vpon a fearfull Summons . I haue heard , The C
t be , and is as common As any the most vulgar thing to sence , Why should we in our peeuish Opposi
hey had deliuer 'd both in time , Forme of the thing ; each word made true and good , The Apparitio
r my Soule , what can it doe to that ? Being a thing immortall as it selfe : It waues me forth agai
hese slight sulleyes on my Sonne , As 'twere a thing a little soil 'd i'th ' working : Marke you yo
 of you Ham . You can not Sir take from me any thing , that I will more willingly part withall , ex
l . What should we say my Lord ? Ham . Why any thing . But to the purpose ; you were sent for ; and
 with golden fire : why , it appeares no other thing to mee , then a foule and pestilent congregati
e'ne to't like French Faulconers , flie at any thing we see : wee ' l haue a Speech straight . Come
unds More Relatiue then this : The Play 's the thing , Wherein Ile catch the Conscience of the King
d with plaist'ring Art Is not more vgly to the thing that helpes it , Then is my deede , to my most
 ore-stop not the modestie of Nature ; for any thing so ouer-done , is fro [ m ] the purpose of Pla
skill Ham . Why looke you now , how vnworthy a thing you make of me : you would play vpon mee ; you
th the body . The King , is a thing- Guild . A thing my Lord ? Ham . Of nothing : bring me to him ,
de at helpe , Th ' Associates tend , and euery thing at bent For England Ham . For England ? King .
Ile haue him hence to night . Away , for euery thing is Seal 'd and done That else leanes on th ' A
s some precious instance of it selfe After the thing it loues Ophe . They bore him bare fac 'd on t
 come backe ? Or is it some abuse ? Or no such thing ? Laer . Know you the hand ? Kin . 'T is Hamle
hat haue Vertue Vnder the Moone , can saue the thing from death , That is but scratcht withall : Il
er laugh at that : prythee Horatio tell me one thing Hor . What 's that my Lord ? Ham . Dost thou t
friendship were at leysure , I should impart a thing to you from his Maiesty Ham . I will receiue i
rouble a woman Hor . If your minde dislike any thing , obey . I will forestall their repaire hither
udied in his death , To throw away the dearest thing he ow 'd , As 'twere a carelesse Trifle King .
hich doe but what they should , By doing euery thing safe toward your Loue And Honor King . Welcome
d , Which was not so before . There 's no such thing : It is the bloody Businesse , which informes 
 , and kill'd Rosse . And Duncans Horses , ( A thing most strange , and certaine ) Beauteous , and 
 with La . Thinke of this good Peeres But as a thing of Custome : 'T is no other , Onely it spoyles
 your Spels prouide , Your Charmes , and euery thing beside ; I am for th ' Ayre : This night Ile s
rtall Custome . Yet my Hart Throbs to know one thing : Tell me , if your Art Can tell so much : Sha
rds of my book nothing , the drift of it every thing , A book separate , not link 'd with the rest 
portant to you , to the land or to me , as any thing else . ) I too , following many and follow 'd 
ey may rise from me yet , and soar above every thing . ) Each is not for its own sake , I say the w
en America , daughter or son , It is a painful thing to love a man or woman to excess , and yet it 
y , lawyer , physician , priest . I resist any thing better than my own diversity , Breathe the air
bibles , and all the creeds . If I worship one thing more than another it shall be the spread of my
ove me , I carry the plenum of proof and every thing else in my face , With the hush of my lips I w
t is behind me for good reasons , But call any thing back again when I desire it . In vain the spee
 , I have stores plenty and to spare , And any thing I have I bestow . I do not ask who you are , t
with open mouths for food to slip in , Nor any thing in the earth , or down in the oldest graves of
wn in the oldest graves of the earth , Nor any thing in the myriads of spheres , nor the myriads of
r make it impatient , They are but parts , any thing is but a part . See ever so far , there is lim
orbs , and the pleasure and knowledge of every thing in them , shall we be fill 'd and satisfied th
ansfers and promotions , If you do not say any thing how can I say any thing ? Of the turbid pool t
 If you do not say any thing how can I say any thing ? Of the turbid pool that lies in the autumn f
mes him , he likes it always , he brings every thing to the test of himself , Whatever the survey ,
 nations and times all over the earth ? If any thing is sacred the human body is sacred , And the g
r you are holding me now in hand , Without one thing all will be useless , I give you fair warning 
 from the town , They pass , I also pass , any thing passes , none can be interdicted , None but ar
ing not a syllable of itself , Speaking of any thing else but never of itself . 14 Allons ! through
lessed . Every existence has its idiom , every thing has an idiom and tongue , He resolves all tong
 , histories , essays , daily life , and every thing else , They balance ranks , colors , races , c
rge from you , Sculpture and monuments and any thing inscribed anywhere are tallied in you , The gi
rewery , brewing , the malt , the vats , every thing that is done by brewers , wine-makers , vinega
ct no part . ( Have I forgotten any part ? any thing in the past ? Come to me whoever and whatever 

Samples for 'companion':
rer recollection . She had been a friend and companion such as few possessed : intelligent , well-i
 She dearly loved her father , but he was no companion for her . He could not meet her in conversat
 impossible that Emma should not miss such a companion , '' said Mr. Knightley . `` We should not l
ir satisfaction in each other . As a walking companion , Emma had very early foreseen how useful sh
oked with most unfeigned satisfaction at her companion . Emma was not sorry to have such an opportu
 alone , that you do not know the value of a companion ; and , perhaps no man can be a good judge o
t Smith . I think her the very worst sort of companion that Emma could possibly have . She knows no
re he mounts his horse to-morrow . It is his companion all this evening , his solace , his delight 
t do much better ; and that as to a rational companion or useful helpmate , he could not do worse .
ter within . `` Oh ! dear , no , '' said her companion . They walked on . The lane made a slight be
n she found that he was only giving his fair companion an account of the yesterday's party at his f
to contrive . I really am a most troublesome companion to you both , but I hope I am not often so i
 her at all . She would be such a delightful companion for Emma . '' Mr. Woodhouse agreed to it all
 like Harriet . Emma could not have a better companion than Harriet . '' `` I am most happy to hear
n a very short time . Emma soon saw that her companion was not in the happiest humour . The prepari
 been usually administered by his travelling companion ; but she had resolution enough to refrain f
more , and Emma hoped to see one troublesome companion deposited in his own house , to get sober an
e more in want of a friend , or an agreeable companion , than I have yet been , to take the trouble
ry ready to say how attentive and pleasant a companion he made himself -- how much she saw to like 
order to hear the new instrument . `` For my companion tells me , '' said she , `` that I absolutel
ceived to be gone , that Mrs. Weston and her companion taking leave also , could allow themselves o
ng stuck up in the barouche-landau without a companion ; but Augusta , I believe , with her own goo
unt is a good creature , but , as a constant companion , must be very tiresome . We must consider w
n a time when he would have scorned her as a companion , and turned from her with little ceremony .
end , he must acknowledge to be not the best companion for an invalid of that description . Her car
 her character she believed a very dangerous companion ; and a removal that would leave Mrs Clay be
ry 's ailments lessened by having a constant companion , and their daily intercourse with the other
particularly in the morning , when he had no companion at home , for the Admiral and Mrs Croft were
 said Henrietta , very well pleased with her companion , '' I wish Lady Russell lived at Uppercross
xtremely useful there , both as an immediate companion , and as assisting in all those arrangements
lay united in hinting that Colonel Wallis 's companion might have as good a figure as Colonel Walli
of good sense and observation , which , as a companion , make her infinitely superior to thousands 
r to wait till she might be safe from such a companion . She saw Mrs Clay fairly off , therefore , 
e shocked and mortified by the loss of their companion , and the discovery of their deception in he
 for many years of his life , had a constant companion and housekeeper in his sister . But her deat
ear enough to love , to make him a desirable companion to her . But I must object to your dooming C
ir amusements so pure . They afforded her no companion that could make amends for what she had left
terest of friendship , or give pleasure as a companion . Willoughby was out of the question . Her a
ile Mrs. Smith was there , and with no other companion than Mr . Willoughby . '' `` Mr. Willoughby 
rriage , it was impossible to have any other companion . I never spent a pleasanter morning in my l
f . Hitherto she had carefully avoided every companion in her rambles . If her sisters intended to 
marks were often just and amusing ; and as a companion for half an hour Elinor frequently found her
y bashful , with only one side glance at her companion to observe its effect on her . `` Good heave
urity of Edward 's honour and love , and her companion 's falsehood -- '' Engaged to Mr. Edward Fer
s she said this , she looked directly at her companion . `` But then at other times I have not reso
, did not seem to offend or mortify his fair companion in the least , for on their breaking up the 
e found him very capable of being a pleasant companion , and only prevented from being so always , 
 that moment as Colonel Brandon -- or such a companion for her mother , -- how gratefully was it fe
other , -- how gratefully was it felt ! -- a companion whose judgment would guide , whose attendanc
r claims . She had been for three months her companion , was still under her care , and she was kno
 felt it her duty to check such ideas in her companion as the last . `` This is not right , Mr . Wi
omfortable , was the office of each watchful companion , and each found their reward in her bodily 
espect comfortable , as I had no friend , no companion in my brother , and disliked new acquaintanc
ay every man his brother , and every man his companion , and every man his neighbour . 32:28 And th
 . 14:20 But Samson 's wife was given to his companion , whom he had used as his friend . 15:1 But 
erly hated her ; therefore I gave her to thy companion : is not her younger sister fairer than she 
he had taken his wife , and given her to his companion . And the Philistines came up , and burnt he
lor : and Hushai the Archite was the king 's companion : 27:34 And after Ahithophel was Jehoiada th
on . 30:29 I am a brother to dragons , and a companion to owls . 30:30 My skin is black upon me , a
e of thy righteous judgments . 119:63 I am a companion of all them that fear thee , and of them tha
 walketh with wise men shall be wise : but a companion of fools shall be destroyed . 13:21 Evil pur
eth the law is a wise son : but he that is a companion of riotous men shameth his father . 28:8 He 
h , It is no transgression ; the same is the companion of a destroyer . 28:25 He that is of a proud
ou hast dealt treacherously : yet is she thy companion , and the wife of thy covenant . 2:15 And di
 send to you Epaphroditus , my brother , and companion in labour , and fellowsoldier , but your mes
 1:9 I John , who also am your brother , and companion in tribulation , and in the kingdom and pati
ll be the servant of the servants , and your companion shall , be the jester 's ape . '' With shout
ining without throwing it down , since their companion was dead . The workmen came again the next d
 of opening a tin and stared silently at his companion . MacIan 's long , lean mouth had shut hard 
itch and ran in upon MacIan , calling to his companion to assist him . `` I have n't got a stick , 
empty ; and the stick lay at the feet of his companion on the other side of the road . MacIan felt 
 for a few moments and then turned up at his companion a face that was as white as the moon above i
s rigidity , and at last , after calling his companion twice or thrice , went up and clapped him im
o the edge of the cliff and looked out , his companion following , somewhat more shaken by his rece
 a blood-red hand . '' The cool voice of his companion cut in upon his monologue , calling to him f
 as it fell . MacIan , more at home than his companion in this quite barbarous and elemental sort o
ined to him , and he gave it to his freezing companion in quantities which greatly alarmed that tem
d round his red bear to get a glimpse of his companion , who was a foot or two behind , and remarke
laugh softly , and turned towards his flying companion a face of peculiar peace and benignity . Eva
 a native . '' `` A native ? '' repeated his companion , whose scenery had of late been chiefly of 
 can it be Jamaica ? '' Then glancing at his companion with a small frown , as of one slightly susp
nic parallels , made some such remark to his companion . But Turnbull only cursed and said that it 
 the state of the streets fully answered his companion 's claim about the reintroduction of order .
ask it ? To whom do you appeal ? '' said his companion , sternly . `` You have betrayed the king , 
 head or their heels . '' Then , finding his companion still mute , he fell himself into a smiling 
? '' `` Going on splendidly , '' replied his companion in the heartiest voice . `` You see , these 
ut where can the door of it be ? '' said his companion , even more puzzled ; `` the doors of our ce
 swung round without a word , and he and his companion were lost in the lustrous leafage of the gar
 man in the cell ! '' repeated his wondering companion . `` Do you mean the poor old idiot who like
 under the same almost fairy fatalism as his companion . In some strange way it did seem that the m
cIan turned a face of puzzled inquiry to his companion . `` He is singing , '' said Turnbull , simp
t ; they have been produced for a particular companion . But , as it happens , we may go farther . 
r . '' `` But in what way ? '' persisted his companion . `` Santa Maria ! I should have thought the
r fish and the fork and stared across at his companion . `` What ? '' he asked , in an altered voic
w all about the facts , '' said his clerical companion soberly . `` He could never have got 'em so 
mbeau's fierce black eyes to ramble over his companion afresh . `` What 's the matter with you ? ''
ad selves to higher things , '' assented his companion . `` Yes ; I know that . Petroleum , I think
 ? '' `` You always forget , '' observed his companion , `` that the reliable machine always has to
ought , unless ... '' `` Well ? '' asked his companion patiently . Flambeau lowered his voice . `` 
y two miles farther on that he set his small companion down . It had hardly been a dignified escape
Not so sure he was murdered ? '' queried his companion . `` Not so sure he was murdered out of the 
 there are going to be some , '' replied his companion gloomily . `` Mine 's a filthy trade , and I
m pity , modesty , remorse , or anything her companion had expected : her voice became suddenly str
There was only one in his head , '' said his companion , '' but there was another bullet-hole in th
p , into which Gregory rapidly conducted his companion . They seated themselves in a close and dim 
ng confusion of lights and shadows ; but his companion walked on with a certain briskness , towards
felt an entire trust and loyalty towards his companion ; but it was the trust between two men going
be found in the heart of lush woods . '' His companion disdained to reply . `` Or yet again , '' ta
is soul , that he was quite glad to hear his companion speak in an easy , human voice . `` We must 
country lane with an easy and conversational companion . That companion had been a part of his rece
 an easy and conversational companion . That companion had been a part of his recent drama ; it was
ck-fighting and in recommendation of his new companion . But Jem looked at the stable-boy with disl
ignal agreed upon between him and his wicked companion . He trembled at the thoughts of what he was
w . It was almost even with the ground . His companion said to him , in a hollow voice , `` Are you
ds of fear , that fear which is the constant companion of an evil conscience . He thought the morni
g himself , and too little confidence in his companion , to be the dupe of his dissimulation . The 
 she had been their tyrant rather than their companion . She was vexed to observe that her absence 
l he play , Bob ? '' added he turning to his companion . `` Bumper Squire Jones . '' The old man , 
recious tulip-roots to his father , and to a companion of his , the son of a nurseryman , who lived
t : and Maurice looked at the beds which his companion had been digging , and at all the things whi
er chimney-sweeper would mistake him for his companion . And so he did ; and when Frederick spoke ,
 , Archer felt the difference between A GOOD COMPANION and a good friend , a difference which some 
Leonora ; but Leonora was only the favourite companion of Cecilia . Cecilia was of an active , ambi
s , caught hers . Louisa silently let go her companion 's hand , and , quitting the dance , ran up 
t I can not know that I should like you as a companion , unless I were your companion . Therefore I
like you as a companion , unless I were your companion . Therefore I must judge of what I should do
cilia , but he had always been the favourite companion of her youth . What her father 's precepts i
 comparison upon her brother George , as the companion of whom , from her infancy , she had been ha
 time of rejoicing . No sooner did Piedro 's companion hear of the rich furniture , plate , etc. , 
`` None other ; none but this , '' cried his companion , with an oath . `` My mind is determined up
Now , at this time it was that my poor pagan companion , and fast bosom-friend , Queequeg , was sei
hus to him in secret spake . Sleepest thou , Companion dear ? What sleep can close Thy eye-lids ? a
ne against the Most High , Thee once to gain companion of his woe . But listen not to his temptatio
ld the Warres do with these Iigging Fooles ? Companion , hence Cas . Away , away be gone . Exit Poe
Coming among the new ones myself to be their companion and equal , coming personally to you now , E
r an adjunct of an earth , I am the mate and companion of people , all just as immortal and fathoml
the living cities of the globe . I am a free companion , I bivouac by invading watchfires , I turn 
ss hung down from the branches , Without any companion it grew there uttering joyous of dark green 
approach and pass with their companions or a companion , Looking from no countenances of their own 
olitude , Behind the mountain and the wood , Companion of the city 's busiest streets , through the
nestling , folding close and firm yet soft , companion better than talk , book , art , ( Thou hast 

Samples for 'broadcast':
, Here the doings of men correspond with the broadcast doings of the day and night , Here is what m

Samples for 'pudding':
a quick despatch of the roast mutton and rice pudding they were hastening home for . They joined co
`` The day you called her up about the almond pudding , ma'am . If you remember , you said you shou
say is , that she 'll never be able to make a pudding . '' `` Why not , pray , brother ? '' inquire
 answer for it she did not know how to make a pudding . '' `` Well ! but I am not talking Greek and
should prevent me from learning how to make a pudding . '' `` Well , I say you 'll never learn how 
 I say you 'll never learn how to make a good pudding . '' `` I have learned , '' continued Sophy ,
ng . I 'm sure Sophy would make a much better pudding , if exactness only were wanting . '' `` Well
 Well , granting that she could make the best pudding in the whole world , what does that signify ?
necessary , I hope I should be able to make a pudding . '' `` Yes , yes , '' cried Marianne , warml
 anything ; and she could make the best plum- pudding in the whole world , I 'm sure , in a minute 
into 'em . Merrily , merrily , hearts-alive . Pudding for supper , you know ; -- merry 's the word 

Samples for 'cool':
n deposited in his own house , to get sober and cool , and the other recover his temper and happines
 , have the pleasure of being hot , and growing cool again. -- Mr . Woodhouse , who had already take
l , and came back all the better -- grown quite cool -- and , with good manners , like himself -- ab
 `` No , certainly not ; I shall go home in the cool of the evening . '' `` But you may come again i
e evening . '' `` But you may come again in the cool of to-morrow morning . '' `` No -- It will not 
at any other young woman might think him rather cool in her praise . But I am not afraid of your see
 whole , left the room , to seek the comfort of cool air for her flushed cheeks ; and as she walked 
t ; but it was her intention to be as decidedly cool to him as might be compatible with their relati
g . She was accordingly more guarded , and more cool , than she had been the night before . He wante
s he ought , '' he observed , `` Charles is too cool about sporting . That 's the worst of him . '' 
but Anne did not mean to stir , and tried to be cool and unconcerned . Her distress returned , howev
, and looking again at her , replied , as if in cool deliberation -- '' Not yet . But there are hope
 last , judging it wiser to affect the air of a cool , common acquaintance than anything else , I wa
ce of the LORD God walking in the garden in the cool of the day : and Adam and his wife hid themselv
he may dip the tip of his finger in water , and cool my tongue ; for I am tormented in this flame . 
some leaves and take it down to the brook , and cool it in the water , and cool it in the water , an
n to the brook , and cool it in the water , and cool it in the water , and cool it in the water , an
t in the water , and cool it in the water , and cool it in the water , and then take it on your hand
? You see how I done set 'em on the doorstep to cool ? Well , now , you hear me , Epaminondas , _you
a minute more ; While I stay here all still and cool . Oh , is n't morning beautiful ? THE BRAHMIN ,
` when the sun is hot , men come and sit in the cool of my shade and refresh themselves with the fru
st a bit . '' He dismounted and sat down in the cool moss , with his back against a tree . He had a 
ured his name . They put a chair for him on the cool porch , and brought food and drink . But the he
ut among those beds of bright flowers and those cool fountains , but she could not even get her head
l garden , among the bright flower-beds and the cool fountains . CHAPTER VIII . The Queen 's Croquet
 heavily as statues , and the silence seemed to cool the eccentric and call him back to more rationa
ped out into it : it was suddenly and strangely cool . `` Turnbull , '' said MacIan , `` you have sa
lf . `` And now it is a blood-red hand . '' The cool voice of his companion cut in upon his monologu
ung round to share its cause . When he saw it , cool as he was , he staggered back . `` What the dev
'' Somehow they found themselves outside in the cool , green garden , and then , after a stunned sil
roke his head against it . Then he became quite cool and stupid again , and began to examine it like
d holy trees . With one bound they were in that cool and cleared landscape , and they found just out
American in the utmost excitement , '' I was as cool as a cucumber . '' `` Criminals also can be as 
 as a cucumber . '' `` Criminals also can be as cool as cucumbers , '' said Brown with a smile . `` 
, '' said Brown with a smile . `` And almost as cool as you . '' `` Well , this one was n't , '' sai
Tusitala spoke and pleasure out of pain . Yea , cool and clear and sudden as a bird sings in the gre
miration , `` that you seem to have kept pretty cool under it . Now listen to me . I like you . The 
 did not look round . Syme , who was commonly a cool character , was literally gaping as a rustic ga
d hot . So in plunging into the wood they had a cool shock of shadow , as of divers who plunge into 
deserved it ; nor , upon the most impartial and cool self-examination , could he comprehend the just
ter enemy . Rory . Oh , never fear me ! I 'm as cool as a cucumber all the time ; and whilst they ti
 you like me in my uniform ? '' And his uncle's cool , `` Very well , I thank you , Hal , '' disappo
rther and fare worse , and spare your breath to cool your porridge . Just . ( waves his hand with di
eter to itself a little while . Give it time to cool . It will come down to 'temperate ' by the time
things ; and then I 'll go home with you in the cool of the evening , and you shall show me your mel
 in his own defence , '' said Arthur , with the cool justice of an Englishman ; and he stopped the a
asant walks which Francisco used to take in the cool of the evening , after he had been shut up all 
he eruption , the surface of the lava became so cool that people could walk upon it , though several
'' `` Landlord , '' said I , going up to him as cool as Mt . Hecla in a snow-storm -- '' landlord , 
he head of the table , too , it so chanced ; as cool as an icicle . To be sure I can not say much fo
 good heavens ! there sat Queequeg , altogether cool and self-collected ; right in the middle of the
f the eternal August of the Tropic . The warmly cool , clear , ringing , perfumed , overflowing , re
d them with warm nostrils reddening through his cool milkiness ; in whatever aspect he presented him
et more curious ; for sustaining himself with a cool , indifferent , easy , unthought of , barbaric 
ng up the sleeves of my frock , here goes for a cool , collected dive at death and destruction , and
r , Tash , my boy -- start her , all ; but keep cool , keep cool -- cucumbers is the word -- easy , 
y boy -- start her , all ; but keep cool , keep cool -- cucumbers is the word -- easy , easy -- only
o , live in this world without being of it . Be cool at the equator ; keep thy blood fluid at the Po
 for the Oriental waters in anticipation of the cool season there , and so evade the other excessive
n , flying into a sudden passion . `` Oh ! keep cool -- cool ? yes , that 's the word ! why do n't y
ng into a sudden passion . `` Oh ! keep cool -- cool ? yes , that 's the word ! why do n't you pack 
ounteous , blue day ; the spangled sea calm and cool , and flatly stretching away , all round , to t
gth , when the last pint is casked , and all is cool , then the great hatchways are unsealed , the b
 ; and for some few fleeting moments , feel the cool dew of the life immortal on them . Would to God
 : Another side , umbrageous grots and caves Of cool recess , o'er which the mantling vine Lays fort
eet gardening labour than sufficed To recommend cool Zephyr , and made ease More easy , wholesome th
st thou , Eve ? now is the pleasant time , 'The cool , the silent , save where silence yields 'To th
e Adam discerned , as in the door he sat Of his cool bower , while now the mounted sun Shot down dir
l this meridian heat Be over , and the sun more cool decline . Whom thus the angelick Virtue answere
while discourse they hold ; No fear lest dinner cool ; when thus began Our author . Heavenly strange
tial tabernacles , where they slept Fanned with cool winds ; save those , who , in their course , Me
e Indian herdsman , shunning heat , Shelters in cool , and tends his pasturing herds At loop-holes c
 the earth now waked , and usher in The evening cool ; when he , from wrath more cool , Came the mil
in The evening cool ; when he , from wrath more cool , Came the mild Judge , and Intercessour both ,
t ; not now , as ere Man fell , Wholesome , and cool , and mild , but with black air Accompanied ; w
 14 The wild gander leads his flock through the cool night , Ya-honk he says , and sounds it down to
un , We found our own O my soul in the calm and cool of the daybreak . My voice goes after what my e
I say to any man or woman , Let your soul stand cool and composed before a million universes . And I
 it is in me . Wrench 'd and sweaty -- calm and cool then my body becomes , I sleep -- I sleep long 
ach , and undressing bathed , laughing with the cool waters , and saw the sun rise , And when I thou
 lay sleeping by me under the same cover in the cool night , In the stillness in the autumn moonbeam
, the gallop , the pressure upon the seat , the cool gurgling by the ears and hair . O the fireman '
I watch 'd , I stood very near you old man when cool and indifferent , but trembling with age and yo
ng on the sea envelop 'd in smoke , And the icy cool of the far , far north , with rustling cedars a
he trees , deeper green , yellower and redder , Cool and sweeten Ohio 's villages with leaves flutte
our face in the starlight , curious the scene , cool blew the moderate night-wind , Long there and t
erge so early sleepless , As slow I walk in the cool fresh air the path near by the hospital tent , 
stood on the rising ground in the breeze in the cool transparent night , As I watch 'd where you pas
hat all is clean forever and forever , That the cool drink from the well tastes so good , That black
holy calm descends like dew upon me , I walk in cool refreshing night the walks of Paradise , I scen
y. } Thoughts Of public opinion , Of a calm and cool fiat sooner or later , ( how impassive ! how ce

Samples for 'business':
t ? '' `` Ah ! poor Miss Taylor ! 'T is a sad business . '' `` Poor Mr. and Miss Woodhouse , if you 
a wife , so constantly occupied either in his business in town or among his friends here , always ac
man of information beyond the line of his own business ? He does not read ? '' `` Oh yes ! -- that i
 ? That will be very bad . '' `` How much his business engrosses him already is very plain from the 
ances , -- and a very few minutes settled the business . Mr. Elton was to take the drawing to London
r , was written , and sealed , and sent . The business was finished , and Harriet safe . She was rat
y-Mill , this summer , seems to have done his business . He is desperately in love and means to marr
particular_ way indeed , that he was going on business which he would not put off for any inducement
at she did not pretend to understand what his business might be , but she only knew that any woman w
oodhouse was almost as much interested in the business as the girls , and tried very often to recoll
ards you . Do not let us be too solemn on the business . He has encouragement enough to proceed , wi
 he , `` poor Miss Taylor -- It is a grievous business . '' `` Oh yes , sir , '' cried she with read
ir of grave reflection , '' It was an awkward business , my dear , your spending the autumn at South
ill it is asked for . Why does he make it any business of his , to wonder at what I do ? -- at my ta
h an evening as this , by any call of duty or business , what a hardship we should deem it ; -- and 
 think and be miserable. -- It was a wretched business indeed ! -- Such an overthrow of every thing 
r , from various circumstances of weather and business , of taking a personal leave of Mr. Woodhouse
ane Fairfax . The house belonged to people in business . Mrs. and Miss Bates occupied the drawing-ro
he next morning , being at Hartfield again on business with Mr. Woodhouse , his approbation of the w
 Miss Hawkins -- '' '' I was with Mr. Cole on business an hour and a half ago . He had just read Elt
o -- I forget the precise words -- one has no business to remember them . The information was , as y
 subjects , who must have been so deep in the business on Miss Campbell 's account -- we shall not e
 naturally Harriet must suffer . It was a bad business . She would have given a great deal , or endu
egan to move. -- '' He must be going . He had business at the Crown about his hay , and a great many
lso , saying , '' As you are going farther on business , sir , I will take the opportunity of paying
o observe , Sir Walter , that , in the way of business , gentlemen of the navy are well to deal with
 a little knowledge of their methods of doing business ; and I am free to confess that they have ver
ral himself , and seemed more conversant with business ; and moreover , Sir Walter , I found she was
 continual discussion of the Crofts and their business no evil . She was assisted , however , by tha
d highly satisfactory , and decided the whole business at once . Each lady was previously well dispo
d valuable assistant to the latter in all the business before her . Lady Russell was extremely sorry
 and laundry-maid , instead of being in their business , are gadding about the village , all day lon
 . When he came back , alas ! the zeal of the business was gone by . Louisa could not listen at all 
harles Hayter with them . The minutiae of the business Anne could not attempt to understand ; even C
aid all that was reasonable and proper on the business ; felt the claims of Dr Shirley to repose as 
again . '' After attending Louisa through her business , and loitering about a little longer , they 
tain every twenty-four hours . He made it his business to go to Lyme , and his account was still enc
summarily by exclaiming -- '' Ay , a very bad business indeed . A new sort of way this , for a young
e woman . Here was a great deal to soften the business . A very fine woman with a large fortune , in
She gave him a short account of her party and business at Lyme . His regret increased as he listened
tionship as closed . How to have this anxious business set to rights , and be admitted as cousins ag
y in their acquaintance . '' The toils of the business were over , the sweets began . They visited i
s , what they could be waiting for , till the business at Lyme came ; then , indeed , it was clear e
planation of some smiling hints of particular business , which had been ostentatiously dropped by Ma
aptain Harville 's wanting to come to Bath on business . He had begun to talk of it a week ago ; and
 Henrietta 's of herself , giving opinions on business , and recommendations to shops ; with interva
 pursuits , the ladies proceeded on their own business , and they met no more while Anne belonged to
n . You have always a profession , pursuits , business of some sort or other , to take you back into
e nature , man 's nature , which has done the business for Captain Benwick . '' `` No , no , it is n
, and those who met too often ; a commonplace business , too numerous for intimacy , too small for v
d hardly forty . An annuity is a very serious business ; it comes over and over every year , and the
It came from town , and is merely a letter of business . '' `` But how came the hand to discompose y
pose you so much , if it was only a letter of business ? Come , come , this wo n't do , Colonel ; so
ould receive this letter today , for it is on business which requires my immediate attendance in tow
 '' `` If you would but let us know what your business is , '' said Mrs. Jennings , `` we might see 
`` and then perhaps you may find out what his business is . '' `` I do not want to pry into other me
 be so disappointed . `` I can guess what his business is , however , '' said Mrs. Jennings exulting
on a poor dependent cousin , by sending me on business to London . I have just received my dispatche
. But Mrs. Smith must be obliged ; -- and her business will not detain you from us long I hope . '' 
nt is eager to get him away ; -- and that the business which she sends him off to transact is invent
sfortune to me , that I have had no necessary business to engage me , no profession to give me emplo
, than her own had seemed faulty to her . The business of self-command she settled very easily ; -- 
came all round by London upon account of some business , for you know ( nodding significantly and po
 would be the wisest way to put an end to the business at once by dissolving the engagement . We see
u been to since we parted ? And how does your business go on ? Come , come , let 's have no secrets 
all accompany her to some shops where she had business that morning , to which Mrs. Jennings and Eli
 Bond Street especially , where much of their business lay , her eyes were in constant inquiry ; and
er mother and cousins the following evening . Business on Sir John 's part , and a violent cold on h
he day , Mrs. Jennings went out by herself on business , and Elinor began her letter directly , whil
etty girl , and promises marriage , he has no business to fly off from his word only because he grow
 stationer 's shop in Pall Mall , where I had business . Two ladies were waiting for their carriage 
daughter 's being entirely unconcerned in the business . In short , I could learn nothing but that s
er rider in England ! It was an unaccountable business . He wished him at the devil with all his hea
on whom she ought to call ; and as she had no business at Gray 's , it was resolved , that while her
ference . Elinor lost no time in bringing her business forward , was on the point of concluding it ,
e , that Joseph went into the house to do his business ; and there was none of the men of the house 
to war , neither shall he be charged with any business : but he shall be free at home one year , and
Our life for yours , if ye utter not this our business . And it shall be , when the LORD hath given 
be upon him . 2:20 And if thou utter this our business , then we will be quit of thine oath which th
they were far from the Zidonians , and had no business with any man . 18:8 And they came unto their 
cause it was far from Zidon , and they had no business with any man ; and it was in the valley that 
 place where thou didst hide thyself when the business was in hand , and shalt remain by the stone E
ech the priest , The king hath commanded me a business , and hath said unto me , Let no man know any
id unto me , Let no man know any thing of the business whereabout I send thee , and what I have comm
 nor my weapons with me , because the king 's business required haste . 21:9 And the priest said , T
, Chenaniah and his sons were for the outward business over Israel , for officers and judges . 26:30
srael on this side Jordan westward in all the business of the LORD , and in the service of the king 
ns of Aaron , and the Levites wait upon their business : 13:11 And they burn unto the LORD every mor
, and cities of store . 17:13 And he had much business in the cities of Judah : and the men of war ,
pered in all his works . 32:31 Howbeit in the business of the ambassadors of the princes of Babylon 
he Levites , had the oversight of the outward business of the house of God . 11:17 And Mattaniah the
the sons of Asaph , the singers were over the business of the house of God . 11:23 For it was the ki
he priests and the Levites , every one in his business ; 13:31 And for the wood offering , at times 
he hands of those that have the charge of the business , to bring it into the king 's treasuries . 3
ey that go down to the sea in ships , that do business in great waters ; 107:24 These see the works 
 set . 22:29 Seest thou a man diligent in his business ? he shall stand before kings ; he shall not 
3 For a dream cometh through the multitude of business ; and a fool's voice is known by multitude of
ed mine heart to know wisdom , and to see the business that is done upon the earth : ( for also ther
s ; afterward I rose up , and did the king 's business ; and I was astonished at the vision , but no
wist ye not that I must be about my Father 's business ? 2:50 And they understood not the saying whi
other story ; when a man begins to do his own business , instead of asking somebody else to do it , 
 ; he wanted to be off home again , about his business . So he ran round and round the sugar-cane fi
 the late afternoons , when he came home from business ; they could not afford too much help , he sa
o look . The Tortoise wanted to say , `` What business is it of yours ? '' But she did n't . Then sh
dy will be sure to take you down into the old business part of the city , where there are banks and 
tter . Margaret was so careful and so good at business that , in spite of her giving , she bought mo
he children all over the city loved her ; the business men were proud of her ; the poor people all c
 ! '' said Little Joe fiercely . `` He has no business catching _our_ fish ! '' `` I do n't see how 
 an arm for all that . ' 'Well , it 's got no business there , at any rate : go and take it away ! '
rried it off . 'If everybody minded their own business , ' the Duchess said in a hoarse growl , 'the
 who had spoken first . 'That 's none of YOUR business , Two ! ' said Seven . 'Yes , it IS his busin
iness , Two ! ' said Seven . 'Yes , it IS his business ! ' said Five , 'and I 'll tell him -- it was
ce , surprised at her own courage . 'It 's no business of MINE . ' The Queen turned crimson with fur
hat it 's done by everybody minding their own business ! ' 'Ah , well ! It means much the same thing
f of the court . 'What do you know about this business ? ' the King said to Alice . 'Nothing , ' sai
 , I confess , a useless and rather irregular business . It may be excused , however , as a mere pre
 , falling almost into the familiar tone of a business partner , `` MacIan , tie up this fellow and 
the position if not of comrades , at least of business partners . Until the event comes off , theref
` We had better tell this gentleman the whole business , '' broke in Turnbull . Then turning to the 
`` It is hard to guess what God means in this business . But he means something -- or the other thin
ou like -- but I understood that you had some business . '' Evan looked at that lifted face and foun
or a wash and brush up . '' `` You forget our business , madam , '' said Evan , in a shaking voice ;
ink I know where we shall be best off for the business . As it happens , I know this part of the sou
 you oblige me by jolly well minding your own business ? Just you stand up and fight , and we 'll se
ht hours , '' said Madeleine , with a sort of business eagerness and energy , `` and you can do it t
lasphemer ! Why , you have wrecked your whole business because you would not commit blasphemy . '' T
n common of rank sea-grass . They had no easy business , however ; for the bottle which they had so 
re 's no God . I take it that it 's nobody 's business but mine -- or God 's , if there is one . Thi
the Highlands happens to think that it 's his business . In consequence , he first takes a walking-s
d wooden arm-chair . `` This is a most absurd business , Doctor , '' he said , `` and I am ashamed t
 scornfully surrendered his part in the whole business ; but he was too honest and unaffected not to
the flat of his sword . `` The soldier had no business to do that , '' said MacIan , sharply . `` Th
an , `` and I am -- well , one of those whose business it is to uphold this establishment . '' `` My
' said the other ; `` I am one of those whose business it is to tear it to the ground . '' The small
rown . Pray excuse me . I 've come about that business of the MacNabs . I have heard , you often hel
llects stamps . You 're too strong-minded for business , Ezza . You wo n't get on . To be clever eno
st of the restaurant ; he alleged merely that business led him also to cross the mountains of the mi
 the head of Muscari , and beside it a sealed business letter which , after a glance at the address 
'' The great banker nodded with an odd air of business assent , seemed to reflect a moment , and bef
was gloomy . `` I 'm afraid I must chuck this business , '' said he heavily . `` I 'm all on the sid
e been grey . But if it was white , the whole business is black . The Doctor has been dabbling in so
en since morning . There is something in this business quite different from the ordinary police myst
. But that 's the queer thing about the whole business . The lie is like a schoolboy 's . There are 
racy ; and the rest of this somewhat singular business can practically be recorded from reports of B
abourer he 'd locked out , or some clerk in a business he 'd busted . Last-Trick is a man of mental 
k she must be doing , to judge by the lantern business . If so , the hand that held the lantern may 
same time , what about an article on that rum business of the Eyres of Exmoor ; or as the old women 
ll probably remember , was about the blackest business in English history -- the poisoning of Overbu
the most romantic and Elizabethan part of the business . It was built by the Pendragons in the very 
urs just for tonight ? Do you know that in my business you 're an exorcist almost before anything el
h a face of frightful concentration . `` This business is perfectly natural . There is no curse in i
 to ensure the aim , and attended to no other business , knowing only by the noise and that semi-con
 I did . I acted on impulse . But I fear this business has deep roots and dark . '' They walked on t
to hustle them all along a bit and teach them business habits ; the hoary old dog and the grizzled ,
inding the treasure bulked much bigger in the business than people had supposed . Experts and offici
cemen who are also philosophers . It is their business to watch the beginnings of this conspiracy , 
ment of the poor criminal was a pretty brutal business . I tell you I am sometimes sick of my trade 
ective service , especially the anti-dynamite business . But for that purpose they wanted someone to
ere was one really staggering thing about the business , and my head still turns at it . '' `` What 
. We can not pretend to keep him on anarchist business ; he might swallow much in that way , but not
enly arisen between him and his bomb-throwing business in the capital . Naturally he could not expla
ast between the yellow blossoms and the black business . On his right was a little wood ; far away t
ng as anything could be done , when the whole business was taken out of his hands he fell back on th
abourers , women , and children make it their business to procure and prepare them . As soon as they
reated ; and he every day learned more of his business , in which at first he was rather awkward . H
ook his share in the manufactory . It was his business to hammer the soles flat : and as soon as he 
, now that she saw her pupil in a good way of business , consented to receive the amount of her old 
 her sisters should carry on in it any useful business . This was the joyful news which Edmund had t
e son Jem 's turn to ride him . It was Jem 's business to feed Lightfoot , and to take care of him -
en he returned from church , was very full of business , preparing for the reception of his mistress
uld not be a servant . `` Well , what 's your business , sir ? '' said the butler . `` I have a lett
r him , and doing every day at least half his business . But one unfortunate night the butler was go
king like a dragon ; `` and pray , sir , what business has such a one as you to think you see ? And 
could , and that she probably was detained by business at home . '' The little electors thought that
ome . '' The little electors thought that all business should give way to theirs , and Rose was disp
t the gate , '' said Barbara , `` you have no business in our garden ; and as for your hen , I shall
d with her commission , and to accomplish her business . Miss Barbara 's maid Betty was the first pe
'' said she , `` I shall have a great deal of business to- morrow ; but I wo n't tell you what it is
n his study , and a gentleman was with him on business . Susan was desirous of returning to her moth
ency , and had talked about sundry matters of business . He constantly perceived , however , that he
himself that he should find his man averse to business , and ignorant of country affairs . He talked
 , `` you have no scruple of stirring in this business ? '' `` A little , '' said Sir Arthur . `` Wh
t I may satisfy myself before we stir in this business . '' The attorney , brightening up , prepared
to draw out a long bill at this instant , but business must be done . She set to work , ruled her li
ls of her baking . `` I had better get all my business finished , '' said she to herself , `` before
or lamb . '' As Susan had now settled all her business , she thought she could have time to go down 
t is not good , sir , '' said the lad , whose business it was to examine the money for his master . 
ll you kill it ? '' `` That 's the butcher 's business . '' The little boys now burst into piercing 
d has of late been gradually monopolising the business of whaling , and though in this matter poor o
in the middle of the room , he went about his business , and left me in a brown study . I now took t
the holy Sabbath , engaged in such a cannibal business as selling the heads of dead idolators ? `` D
licable in him . Meanwhile , he continued the business of undressing , and at last showed his chest 
 exhibiting strong symptoms of concluding his business operations , and jumping into bed with me , I
rtal by brevet . Yes , there is death in this business of whaling -- a speechlessly quick chaotic bu
antation . THERE is his home ; THERE lies his business , which a Noah 's flood would not interrupt ,
 and I went ashore ; so we could attend to no business that day , at least none but a supper and a b
cod-chowder was placed before us . We resumed business ; and while plying our spoons in the bowl , t
 ; and accordingly prepared to set about this business with a determined rushing sort of energy and 
 marvellous features , pertaining to the wild business that for more than half a century she had fol
age . I was already aware that in the whaling business they paid no wages ; but all hands , includin
ers , and what not , are indispensable to the business of housekeeping . Just so with whaling , whic
 '' `` Yes , we are , '' said I , `` but what business is that of yours ? Do you know , Mr. Elijah ,
 . Indeed , as that was not at all his proper business , but the pilot 's ; and as he was not yet co
ueequeg and I are now fairly embarked in this business of whaling ; and as this business of whaling 
ked in this business of whaling ; and as this business of whaling has somehow come to be regarded am
h the fact , that among people at large , the business of whaling is not accounted on a level with w
 our vocation amounts to a butchering sort of business ; and that when actively engaged therein , we
he matter of the alleged uncleanliness of our business , ye shall soon be initiated into certain fac
n in one aggregate , than the high and mighty business of whaling . One way and another , it has beg
Besides , he thought , perhaps , that in this business of whaling , courage was one of the great sta
e the strongest and fullest of trouble . What business have I with this pipe ? This thing that is me
hat am I about ? ' says I at last . 'And what business is that of yours , I should like to know , Mr
pe of capturing one whale more . Now , as the business of standing mast-heads , ashore or afloat , i
as his thralls By right of war , whate'er his business be , Here in the heart of Hell to work in fir
d thy gay legions dare against ; Whose easier business were to serve their Lord High up in Heaven , 
lities , politics , points ? Your ambition or business whatever it may be ? It is well -- against su
uctioneer , the sloven does not half know his business . Gentlemen look on this wonder , Whatever th
rate them so high ? Will we rate our cash and business high ? I have no objection , I rate them as h
ese bubbles , fashions , wealth ? These eager business aims -- books , politics , art , amours , To 
r silence , Soon unlimber 'd to begin the red business ; ) All the mutter of preparation , all the d
ou enjoy yourself in the city ? or engaged in business ? or planning a nomination and election ? or 
 . The domestic joys , the dally housework or business , the building of houses , are not phantasms 
e down-town streets , the jobbers ' houses of business , the houses of business of the ship-merchant
 jobbers ' houses of business , the houses of business of the ship-merchants and money-brokers , the
s , And set a tombstone here. } My Legacy The business man the acquirer vast , After assiduous years
ose emerging , As if no artifice of fashion , business , politics , had ever been , Forth from its s

Samples for 'holiday':
ow thought herself entitled to the occasional holiday of a tea-visit ; and having formerly owed muc
d a pleasure , to employ half an hour of this holiday of spirits in calling on Miss Fairfax. -- She
 little children with whom I was spending the holiday . In the mental search for buried treasure wh
ard place . After a battle , or when it was a holiday , or when he was very thankful for something 
ark . 'Then the eleventh day must have been a holiday ? ' 'Of course it was , ' said the Mock Turtl
and a hundred and thirteen London clerks on a holiday , to all of whom , whether directly or indire
y . `` Squares very good ; I have a nice long holiday , and can count them . But that 's not the be
ventional daughter of a Yorkshire banker on a holiday . Yet he was neither a charlatan nor a child 
d it , above all the dire erection of English holiday array , as the face of an old but forgotten f
t seem a very appropriate place or time for a holiday , but Father Brown had few holidays , and had
 '' Father Brown laughed . `` I am only on my holiday , '' he said . `` I have n't got any theories
let us see your new playhouse , do -- it 's a holiday , and let us make the most of it . Let us hav
m , warbling persuasiveness of the pleasant , holiday weather we came to , seemed gradually to char
down her bursting hatches ; and now , in glad holiday apparel , was joyously , though somewhat vain
you idle Creatures , get you home : Is this a Holiday ? What , know you not ( Being Mechanicall ) y
mping awhile in clusters of mighty camps . No holiday soldiers -- youthful , yet veterans , Worn , 

Samples for 'mouse':
at creep upon the earth ; the weasel , and the mouse , and the tortoise after his kind , 11:30 And 
swine 's flesh , and the abomination , and the mouse , shall be consumed together , saith the LORD 
ion is dead ! `` Ao ! Ao ! Ao ! '' THE COUNTRY MOUSE AND THE CITY MOUSE Once a little mouse who liv
 ! Ao ! Ao ! '' THE COUNTRY MOUSE AND THE CITY MOUSE Once a little mouse who lived in the country i
COUNTRY MOUSE AND THE CITY MOUSE Once a little mouse who lived in the country invited a little mous
ouse who lived in the country invited a little mouse from the city to visit him . When the little C
m the city to visit him . When the little City Mouse sat down to dinner he was surprised to find th
nner he was surprised to find that the Country Mouse had nothing to eat except barley and grain . `
is to live in the city . '' The little Country Mouse was glad to do this , and after a while he wen
is friend . The very first place that the City Mouse took the Country Mouse to see was the kitchen 
rst place that the City Mouse took the Country Mouse to see was the kitchen cupboard of the house w
big paper bag of brown sugar . The little City Mouse gnawed a hole in the bag and invited his frien
tle mice nibbled and nibbled , and the Country Mouse thought he had never tasted anything so delici
life . He was just thinking how lucky the City Mouse was , when suddenly the door opened with a ban
et some flour . `` Run ! '' whispered the City Mouse . And they ran as fast as they could to the li
le where they had come in . The little Country Mouse was shaking all over when they got safely away
hen they got safely away , but the little City Mouse said , `` That is nothing ; she will soon go a
hey stole softly back , and this time the City Mouse had something new to show : he took the little
thing new to show : he took the little Country Mouse into a corner on the top shelf , where a big j
tter than the brown sugar . The little Country Mouse liked the taste so much that he could hardly n
iaouw_ ! `` What is that ? '' said the Country Mouse . The City Mouse just whispered , '' Sh ! '' a
is that ? '' said the Country Mouse . The City Mouse just whispered , '' Sh ! '' and ran as fast as
 as fast as he could to the hole . The Country Mouse ran after , you may be sure , as fast as _he_ 
 . As soon as they were out of danger the City Mouse said , `` That was the old Cat ; she is the be
 is very terrible , '' said the little Country Mouse ; `` let us not go back to the cupboard again 
e cupboard again . '' `` No , '' said the City Mouse , `` I will take you to the cellar ; there is 
omething specially fine there . '' So the City Mouse took his little friend down the cellar stairs 
 Peter Rabbit , Jumper the Hare , Danny Meadow Mouse , Johnny Chuck , Jimmy Skunk , Unc ' Billy Pos
y Skunk . Even timid little Whitefoot the Wood Mouse was where he could peer out and see without be
ou might catch a bat , and that 's very like a mouse , you know . But do cats eat bats , I wonder ?
now , and she soon made out that it was only a mouse that had slipped in like herself . 'Would it b
se , now , ' thought Alice , 'to speak to this mouse ? Everything is so out-of-the-way down here , 
re 's no harm in trying . ' So she began : ' O Mouse , do you know the way out of this pool ? I am 
l ? I am very tired of swimming about here , O Mouse ! ' ( Alice thought this must be the right way
ht this must be the right way of speaking to a mouse : she had never done such a thing before , but
ing seen in her brother 's Latin Grammar , ' A mouse -- of a mouse -- to a mouse -- a mouse -- O mo
r brother 's Latin Grammar , ' A mouse -- of a mouse -- to a mouse -- a mouse -- O mouse ! ' ) The 
atin Grammar , ' A mouse -- of a mouse -- to a mouse -- a mouse -- O mouse ! ' ) The Mouse looked a
r , ' A mouse -- of a mouse -- to a mouse -- a mouse -- O mouse ! ' ) The Mouse looked at her rathe
se -- of a mouse -- to a mouse -- a mouse -- O mouse ! ' ) The Mouse looked at her rather inquisiti
 -- to a mouse -- a mouse -- O mouse ! ' ) The Mouse looked at her rather inquisitively , and seeme
 , ' thought Alice ; ' I daresay it's a French mouse , come over with William the Conqueror . ' ( F
first sentence in her French lesson-book . The Mouse gave a sudden leap out of the water , and seem
n't like cats . ' 'Not like cats ! ' cried the Mouse , in a shrill , passionate voice . 'Would YOU 
rdon ! ' cried Alice again , for this time the Mouse was bristling all over , and she felt certain 
you 'd rather not . ' 'We indeed ! ' cried the Mouse , who was trembling down to the end of his tai
e you -- are you fond -- of -- of dogs ? ' The Mouse did not answer , so Alice went on eagerly : 'T
 'm afraid I 've offended it again ! ' For the Mouse was swimming away from her as hard as it could
 either , if you do n't like them ! ' When the Mouse heard this , it turned round and swam slowly b
e , there was no more to be said . At last the Mouse , who seemed to be a person of authority among
 sat down at once , in a large ring , with the Mouse in the middle . Alice kept her eyes anxiously 
did not get dry very soon . 'Ahem ! ' said the Mouse with an important air , 'are you all ready ? T
th a shiver . ' I beg your pardon ! ' said the Mouse , frowning , but very politely : 'Did you spea
ory hastily . ' I thought you did , ' said the Mouse . ' -- I proceed . `` Edwin and Morcar , the e
ness . The old prisoners could make a pet of a mouse or a beetle strayed out of a hole . Here the u
reakfast , and the door was locked ; and not a mouse to be heard ; and it 's been just so silent ev
 wondrous whale was but a species of magnified mouse , or at least water-rat , requiring only a lit
ook the slight cedar as a mildly cruel cat her mouse . With unastonished eyes Fedallah gazed , and 
Barn . Haue you had quiet Guard ? Fran . Not a Mouse stirring Barn . Well , goodnight . If you do m
d , Pinch Wanton on your cheeke , call you his Mouse , And let him for a paire of reechie kisses , 
h depress 'd head surpasses any statue , And a mouse is miracle enough to stagger sextillions of in

Samples for 'hound':
es the hair on the back and neck of Bowser the Hound and of some other little people bristle and st

Samples for 'manage':
woman like Miss Taylor , may be safely left to manage their own concerns . You are more likely to ha
 You do not know what it is to have tempers to manage . '' `` It is not to be conceived that a man o
heep , and his library , and all the parish to manage ; and he is extremely fond of his brother 's c
rchill was heard to say , `` I think you could manage this without effort ; the first part is so ver
ightley ; -- and till she is in being , I will manage such matters myself . '' `` Ah ! you are an od
 's , and his practice not so bad . `` I could manage them very well , if it were not for Mary 's in
 , I should be very glad of your advice how to manage in such and uncomfortable situation as I am ; 
er , '' said the little Jackal ; `` but we can manage it nicely , if you will take me on your back a
e possible , '' they said , '' if only you can manage to keep still long enough . We will each take 
lling through the air ! Do you think you could manage it ? ) 'And what an ignorant little girl she '
far off to trouble myself about you : you must manage the best way you can ; -- but I must be kind t
 she went on planning to herself how she would manage it . 'They must go by the carrier , ' she thou
ith the bones and the beak -- Pray how did you manage to do it ? ' 'In my youth , ' said his father 
 as long as you liked . ' 'Is that the way YOU manage ? ' Alice asked . The Hatter shook his head mo
close to the little glass table . 'Now , I 'll manage better this time , ' she said to herself , and
as , ' said the Mock Turtle . 'And how did you manage on the twelfth ? ' Alice went on eagerly . 'Th
y be quite true . Somehow one can never really manage to be an atheist . '' Turnbull stood staring a
ke , to a jail , where we may n't . No , if we manage this very quietly , he may merely let us out a
n out of an automatic machine . But if you did manage to steal the chocolate , the automatic machine
o leave by then . I do n't believe you men can manage alone . '' `` Oh yes , we can , my dear , '' s
s . Even his great presence of mind could only manage a reply with an air of rather blundering jocul
you this is , first , that you may know how to manage your raspberries , and next , because I rememb
 what will you do for a hat-band ? '' `` I 'll manage to do without one , '' said Hal , and he took 
have such a way of talking one out of it . You manage me just like a child . '' `` Ay , ay ! '' said
g a carpenter , `` ay , ay ! I know the way to manage everybody . Let the things be ready in an hour
 morning . ' A pretty set of fellows I have to manage ! '' said Archer , contemplating the group of 
When she thought that the children knew how to manage by themselves , she left them , and returned t
ets to be got ? '' `` Leave that to me , I 'll manage that . I know where blankets can be got . I sa
d to be sure ; but bethink you , how you would manage a powerful unbroken colt , with the mere appli
ly so , concerning the precise way in which to manage the barrow -- Queequeg puts his chest upon it 
take good aim with a gun , to sail a boat , to manage horses , to beget superb children , To speak r

Samples for 'corn':
n of every acre for wheat , turnips , or spring corn , was entered into with as much equality of int
 , and the fatness of the earth , and plenty of corn and wine : 27:29 Let people serve thee , and na
ren have I given to him for servants ; and with corn and wine have I sustained him : and what shall 
 the second time : and , behold , seven ears of corn came up upon one stalk , rank and good . 41:6 A
food of those good years that come , and lay up corn under the hand of Pharaoh , and let them keep f
d he up in the same . 41:49 And Joseph gathered corn as the sand of the sea , very much , until he l
 countries came into Egypt to Joseph for to buy corn ; because that the famine was so sore in all la
 lands . 42:1 Now when Jacob saw that there was corn in Egypt , Jacob said unto his sons , Why do ye
d he said , Behold , I have heard that there is corn in Egypt : get you down thither , and buy for u
2:3 And Joseph 's ten brethren went down to buy corn in Egypt . 42:4 But Benjamin , Joseph 's brothe
l him . 42:5 And the sons of Israel came to buy corn among those that came : for the famine was in t
und in the house of your prison : go ye , carry corn for the famine of your houses : 42:20 But bring
 Then Joseph commanded to fill their sacks with corn , and to restore every man 's money into his sa
hem . 42:26 And they laded their asses with the corn , and departed thence . 42:27 And as one of the
nd it came to pass , when they had eaten up the corn which they had brought out of Egypt , their fat
 in the sack 's mouth of the youngest , and his corn money . And he did according to the word that J
 things of Egypt , and ten she asses laden with corn and bread and meat for his father by the way . 
 of Egypt , and in the land of Canaan , for the corn which they bought : and Joseph brought the mone
t , and catch in thorns , so that the stacks of corn , or the standing corn , or the field , be cons
 , so that the stacks of corn , or the standing corn , or the field , be consumed therewith ; he tha
 meat offering of thy firstfruits green ears of corn dried by the fire , even corn beaten out of ful
its green ears of corn dried by the fire , even corn beaten out of full ears . 2:15 And thou shalt p
ll burn the memorial of it , part of the beaten corn thereof , and part of the oil thereof , with al
14 And ye shall eat neither bread , nor parched corn , nor green ears , until the selfsame day that 
ll be reckoned unto you , as though it were the corn of the threshingfloor , and as the fulness of t
t of thy womb , and the fruit of thy land , thy corn , and thy wine , and thine oil , the increase o
heir mother in a nest in a cornfield . When the corn was ripe the mother Lark watched very carefully
er was in the field to-day , and he said , 'The corn is ready to cut ; we must call in the neighbour
and ask all the neighbours to come and reap the corn to-morrow . '' The mother Lark laughed . `` Do 
; `` if he waits for his neighbours to reap the corn we shall have plenty of time to move ; tell me 
-night ! The farmer came to-day and said , 'The corn is getting too ripe ; we can not wait for our n
ncles and cousins to come to-morrow and cut the corn . Shall we not move to-night ? '' `` Do n't wor
to the field to-day , and when he looked at the corn he was quite angry ; he said , 'This will never
ite angry ; he said , 'This will never do ! The corn is getting too ripe ; it 's no use to wait for 
t for our relatives , we shall have to cut this corn ourselves . ' And then he called his son and sa
call `` irrigating '' ; and they planted enough corn and grain and vegetables for all the people . E
e now for thy brothers an ephah of this parched corn , and these ten loaves , and run to the camp , 
and left the sheep with a keeper , and took the corn and the loaves and the cheeses , as his father 
w in little white lanes walled in with standing corn as with walls of gold . They had talked about M
hauer was pessimist ? It is like asking if this corn is as yellow as that hill is steep . No ; there
etimes she was in the poultry yard , scattering corn from her sieve amongst the eager chickens ; and
f he gallops him , through the very thick of my corn ; but he got a fall , leaping the ditch out yon
a passion with him then , to be sure , about my corn ; but his horse had got such a terrible sprain 
im tell . ( To the Farmer . ) I 'll pay for the corn I spoiled . ( To the Landlord . ) I 'll pay for
orse . Farm . I does not want to be paid for my corn . The short of it is , young gentlemen , this '
ough : but not like Canaan ; a land , also , of corn and wine . The streets do not run with milk ; n
, ye sulkies , there 's plenty more of us . Hoe corn when you may , say I . All legs go to harvest s
bouring the soil , and reaping plenteous crop , Corn , wine , and oil ; and , from the herd or flock
r the western persimmon , over the long-leav 'd corn , over the delicate blue-flower flax , Over the
he garden or cow-yard , The young fellow hosing corn , the sleigh-driver driving his six horses thro
 earth , grass grows upon them and blossoms and corn , I see the tracks of ancient and modern expedi
limitless crops , grass , wheat , sugar , oil , corn , rice , hemp , hops , Thy barns all fill 'd , 
 , give me the trellis 'd grape , Give me fresh corn and wheat , give me serene-moving animals teach
 far-spreading prairies cover 'd with grass and corn . Lo , the most excellent sun so calm and haugh
ter-grain sprouts and those of the light-yellow corn , and the esculent roots of the garden , And th
, sister 's , voices ; ) The rain , the growing corn , the breeze among the long-leav 'd corn , The 
rowing corn , the breeze among the long-leav 'd corn , The measur 'd sea-surf beating on the sand , 
corn-field , the tall , graceful , long-leav 'd corn , slender , flapping , bright green , with tass
air -- even the mute crops , garner 'd apples , corn , Children 's and women 's tones -- rhythm of m

Samples for 'meat':
trawberries in the garden , there shall be cold meat in the house . '' `` Well -- as you please ; on
d you will do very well . Another slice of cold meat , another draught of Madeira and water , will m
beautifying a nosegay ; then , she ate her cold meat ; and then she was well enough to propose a lit
e they are forced to send three miles for their meat , and have not a neighbour nearer than your mot
f a tree yielding seed ; to you it shall be for meat . 1:30 And to every beast of the earth , and to
ere is life , I have given every green herb for meat : and it was so . 1:31 And God saw every thing 
d . 9:3 Every moving thing that liveth shall be meat for you ; even as the green herb have I given y
et that were with him . 24:33 And there was set meat before him to eat : but he said , I will not ea
take me some venison ; 27:4 And make me savoury meat , such as I love , and bring it to me , that I 
g , 27:7 Bring me venison , and make me savoury meat , that I may eat , and bless thee before the LO
ids of the goats ; and I will make them savoury meat for thy father , such as he loveth : 27:10 And 
hem to his mother : and his mother made savoury meat , such as his father loved . 27:15 And Rebekah 
th of his neck : 27:17 And she gave the savoury meat and the bread , which she had prepared , into t
is hunting . 27:31 And he also had made savoury meat , and brought it unto his father , and said unt
and ten she asses laden with corn and bread and meat for his father by the way . 45:24 So he sent hi
at even , and shalt do thereto according to the meat offering of the morning , and according to the 
nge incense thereon , nor burnt sacrifice , nor meat offering ; neither shall ye pour drink offering
 and offered upon it the burnt offering and the meat offering ; as the LORD commanded Moses . 40:30 
r unto the LORD . 2:1 And when any will offer a meat offering unto the LORD , his offering shall be 
vour unto the LORD : 2:3 And the remnant of the meat offering shall be Aaron 's and his sons ' : it 
y fire . 2:4 And if thou bring an oblation of a meat offering baken in the oven , it shall be unleav
nointed with oil . 2:5 And if thy oblation be a meat offering baken in a pan , it shall be of fine f
t it in pieces , and pour oil thereon : it is a meat offering . 2:7 And if thy oblation be a meat of
 a meat offering . 2:7 And if thy oblation be a meat offering baken in the fryingpan , it shall be m
e flour with oil . 2:8 And thou shalt bring the meat offering that is made of these things unto the 
 altar . 2:9 And the priest shall take from the meat offering a memorial thereof , and shall burn it
o the LORD . 2:10 And that which is left of the meat offering shall be Aaron 's and his sons ' : it 
he offerings of the LORD made by fire . 2:11 No meat offering , which ye shall bring unto the LORD ,
a sweet savour . 2:13 And every oblation of thy meat offering shalt thou season with salt ; neither 
ry saw Zelia lean out and throw down a piece of meat . He seized it and was just going to devour it 
ws The Panther took pie-crust , and gravy , and meat , While the Owl had the dish as its share of th
y on to the pavement some square tins of potted meat , and it seemed like a hint of a hundred hilari
a dingy office , next to the shop of the potted meat . The pane of glass was lying in splinters abou
t on to his back . As he thrust a tin of canned meat , anyhow , into his bursting side pocket , he s
n inn door . I have the biscuits and the tinned meat , and the milk . You have the chocolate , I thi
ress thought there was a prodigious quantity of meat eaten of late . Now , when she spoke , it was u
arving-knives to poultry ; thence to butcher 's meat . Some joints , he observed , were much more di
 uz sworn ; I send yo at botom thare names . We meat at tin this nite at my faders , and have harms 
`` What 's that ? '' Tarlton opened it . `` Raw meat ! '' exclaimed Loveit . `` How came you by it ?
 ? what do you want ? '' `` I want the poisoned meat that you have in your pocket . '' `` Who told y
forsook him , and flinging the handkerchief and meat over the hedge , he ran away with all his speed
tween his teeth ; but the knot was loosed , the meat , unperceived by the dog , dropped out , and wh
e joy , plunged the pitchfork into the poisoned meat , and bore it away . Never did hero retire with
kets . '' Hardy obeyed in silence . `` Heyday ! meat ! raw meat ! what next ? '' `` That 's all , ''
ardy obeyed in silence . `` Heyday ! meat ! raw meat ! what next ? '' `` That 's all , '' said Hardy
This is ALL , '' said Mr. Power , taking up the meat . `` Pray , sir , '' said Hardy , eagerly , `` 
y , sir , '' said Hardy , eagerly , `` let that meat be burned , it is poisoned . '' `` Poisoned ! '
s , to attempt to poison his dog ; the poisoned meat was found in your pocket last night . '' `` The
 in your pocket last night . '' `` The poisoned meat was found in my pocket , sir ; but I never inte
 , producing the blue handkerchief in which the meat had been wrapped . Tarlton turned pale ; Hardy 
e dog into my head . It was he that carried the meat , WAS N'T IT ? '' said he , appealing to Hardy 
re was of the most substantial kind -- not only meat and potatoes , but dumplings ; good heavens ! d
and connexions ? Yes , for replenished with the meat and wine of the word , to the faithful man of G
kers . Sailors put it on their hones . Porpoise meat is good eating , you know . It may never have o
ck 's plate towards him , the mate received his meat as though receiving alms ; and cut it tenderly 
nto the mizzen rigging , like three quarters of meat , and there they hung till morning . 'Damn ye ,
ecks , like hungry dogs round a table where red meat is being carved , ready to bolt down every kill
 are thus cannibally carving each other 's live meat with carving-knives all gilded and tasselled , 
somely carving away under the table at the dead meat ; and though , were you to turn the whole affai
 , are to this day considered fine eating . The meat is made into balls about the size of billiard b
s ; like the transparent , half-jellied , white meat of a cocoanut in the third month of its growth 
Or rude in my home in Dakota 's woods , my diet meat , my drink from the spring , Or withdrawn to mu
of all who shake hands and welcome to drink and meat , A learner with the simplest , a teacher of th
wn ! 19 This is the meal equally set , this the meat for natural hunger , It is for the wicked just 
rs and lamps , And a compend of compends is the meat of a man or woman , And a summit and flower the
 one feels when feeling with the hand the naked meat of the body , The circling rivers the breath , 
here have you drawn off all the foul liquid and meat ? I do not see any of it upon you to-day , or p
ath , I am sure I shall expose some of the foul meat . 2 Behold this compost ! behold it well ! Perh
r or fire ? or in the spirit of man ? or in the meat and blood ? Meditating among liars and retreati
fts from foreign lands , For shelter , wine and meat -- for sweet appreciation , ( You distant , dim

Samples for 'wife':
ellent man , that he thoroughly deserves a good wife ; -- and you would not have had Miss Taylor liv
d who seemed so perfectly comfortable without a wife , so constantly occupied either in his business
n . Some people even talked of a promise to his wife on her deathbed , and others of the son and the
e Mr. Elton , papa , -- I must look about for a wife for him . There is nobody in Highbury who deser
nd the chicken , but leave him to chuse his own wife . Depend upon it , a man of six or seven-and-tw
body was surprized , except her brother and his wife , who had never seen him , and who were full of
 her husband , but she wanted at once to be the wife of Captain Weston , and Miss Churchill of Ensco
ve much the worst of the bargain ; for when his wife died , after a three years ' marriage , he was 
s fortune , bought his house , and obtained his wife ; and was beginning a new period of existence ,
it was a mother and daughter , a son and son 's wife , who all lived together ; but when it appeared
 man ; that there was no young Mrs. Martin , no wife in the case ; she did suspect danger to her poo
y ; -- I mean , as to being acquainted with his wife -- for though his sisters , from a superior edu
cy with the sisters , to be acquainted with the wife , who will probably be some mere farmer 's daug
re I shall not wish for the acquaintance of his wife . I shall always have a great regard for the Mi
` You are better placed _here_ ; very fit for a wife , but not at all for a governess . But you were
 you were preparing yourself to be an excellent wife all the time you were at Hartfield . You might 
; and if Weston had asked me to recommend him a wife , I should certainly have named Miss Taylor . '
here will be very little merit in making a good wife to such a man as Mr . Weston . '' `` Why , to o
fectionate ; wrapt up in her family ; a devoted wife , a doating mother , and so tenderly attached t
ection ; and , indeed , with such a worshipping wife , it was hardly possible that any natural defec
and . I , being a husband , and you not being a wife , the claims of the man may very likely strike 
 as she can . '' `` Me , my love , '' cried his wife , hearing and understanding only in part. -- ''
s , '' If Mr. Perry can tell me how to convey a wife and five children a distance of an hundred and 
 whom she spoke with such unreserve , as to his wife ; not any one , to whom she related with such c
 might be found for every body , calling on his wife to agree with him , that with a little contriva
y the day of the month on which he had lost his wife . Then followed the history and rise of the anc
 attachment ; since to them he must have owed a wife of very superior character to any thing deserve
 summer of 1814 ) wearing black ribbons for his wife , she could not admit him to be worth thinking 
, with sympathetic cordiality , observed to his wife as they drove back through the park , `` I thou
e and temper he was undoubtedly superior to his wife , but not of powers , or conversation , or grac
irits , which never seemed much affected by his wife 's occasional lowness , bore with her unreasona
 children , his theory was much better than his wife 's , and his practice not so bad . `` I could m
 first comfort ; he could take best care of his wife ; and the second blessing was the arrival of th
 . '' But in this he was eagerly opposed by his wife , with `` Oh ! no , indeed , Charles , I can no
e for half a year together ? If a man had not a wife , he soon wants to be afloat again . '' `` But 
 he wanted money : worse than myself . He had a wife . Excellent fellow . I shall never forget his h
hands behind him , being called to order by his wife , now came up to Captain Wentworth , and withou
 Sophia . I would assist any brother officer 's wife that I could , and I would bring anything of Ha
ar , '' said the Admiral , `` when he had got a wife , he will sing a different tune . When he is ma
ery thankful to anybody that will bring him his wife . '' `` Ay , that we shall . '' `` Now I have d
 of the Admiral 's fraternal kindness as of his wife 's . He had intended , on first arriving , to p
ake all the charms and perfections of Edward 's wife upon credit a little longer . It was soon Upper
lity , make him an affectionate , good-humoured wife . With regard to Charles Hayter , she had delic
new it would have satisfied neither husband nor wife ; for while she considered Louisa to be rather 
 , though more fearfully , trying to induce his wife to go too . But this was one of the points on w
od humour with her , was out of temper with his wife . Mary had shewn herself disobliging to him , a
 proved to be Admiral Croft 's gig . He and his wife had taken their intended drive , and were retur
 Admiral 's kind urgency came in support of his wife 's ; they would not be refused ; they compresse
 the same moment , disengaging himself from his wife , they were both with him ; and Louisa was rais
 or to witness the hysterical agitations of his wife , calling on him for help which he could not gi
isposal ; for the remaining moiety of his first wife 's fortune was also secured to her child , and 
wood had wished for it more for the sake of his wife and daughters than for himself or his son ; -- 
ry young when he married , and very fond of his wife . But Mrs. John Dashwood was a strong caricatur
could feel towards anybody beyond himself , his wife , and their child . He really pressed them , wi
ld make them all perfectly comfortable . '' His wife hesitated a little , however , in giving her co
, than such kind of neighbourly acts as his own wife pointed out . CHAPTER 3 Mrs. Dashwood remained 
leasure of announcing to her son-in-law and his wife that she was provided with a house , and should
, and gave exercise to the good breeding of his wife . Lady Middleton piqued herself upon the elegan
 his friend , than Lady Middleton was to be his wife , or Mrs. Jennings to be Lady Middleton 's moth
for the sake of the provision and security of a wife . In his marrying such a woman therefore there 
 object to your dooming Colonel Brandon and his wife to the constant confinement of a sick chamber ,
nning 's last illness , and what he said to his wife a few minutes before he died . Lady Middleton w
 all his trouble with all my heart , and a good wife into the bargain . '' So wondered , so talked M
 that he loved and considered her as his future wife , and that he felt for us the attachment of the
 with an air of more fashion and sense than his wife , but of less willingness to please or be pleas
`` My love , have you been asleep ? '' said his wife , laughing . He made her no answer ; and only o
My love you contradict every body , '' said his wife with her usual laugh . `` Do you know that you 
 not likely to attach any one to him except his wife . `` Oh , my dear Miss Dashwood , '' said Mrs. 
bleness which often existed between husband and wife , before Sir John 's and Mrs. Jennings's active
 fashion . YOU are my cousins , and they are my wife 's , so you must be related . '' But Sir John c
 , and well-informed mind , be satisfied with a wife like her -- illiterate , artful , and selfish ?
 blushed for the insincerity of Edward's future wife , and replied , `` This compliment would effect
hout affection for the person who was to be his wife ; but that he had not even the chance of being 
atever may be his faults , or the faults of his wife , when I consider whose son he is , I can not b
bominably ill , and I wish with all my soul his wife may plague his heart out . And so I shall alway
ther and his mother , and shall cleave unto his wife : and they shall be one flesh . 2:25 And they w
2:25 And they were both naked , the man and his wife , and were not ashamed . 3:1 Now the serpent wa
arden in the cool of the day : and Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the LORD Go
cause thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife , and hast eaten of the tree , of which I comma
st shalt thou return . 3:20 And Adam called his wife 's name Eve ; because she was the mother of all
 of all living . 3:21 Unto Adam also and to his wife did the LORD God make coats of skins , and clot
of the tree of life . 4:1 And Adam knew Eve his wife ; and she conceived , and bare Cain , and said 
 , on the east of Eden . 4:17 And Cain knew his wife ; and she conceived , and bare Enoch : and he b
 seventy and sevenfold . 4:25 And Adam knew his wife again ; and she bare a son , and called his nam
me into the ark , thou , and thy sons , and thy wife , and thy sons ' wives with thee . 6:19 And of 
. 7:7 And Noah went in , and his sons , and his wife , and his sons ' wives with him , into the ark 
 , and Japheth , the sons of Noah , and Noah 's wife , and the three wives of his sons with them , i
ing , 8:16 Go forth of the ark , thou , and thy wife , and thy sons , and thy sons ' wives with thee
18 And Noah went forth , and his sons , and his wife , and his sons' wives with him : 8:19 Every bea
nd Nahor took them wives : the name of Abram 's wife was Sarai ; and the name of Nahor 's wife , Mil
am 's wife was Sarai ; and the name of Nahor 's wife , Milcah , the daughter of Haran , the father o
nd Sarai his daughter in law , his son Abram 's wife ; and they went forth with them from Ur of the 
ed out of Haran . 12:5 And Abram took Sarai his wife , and Lot his brother 's son , and all their su
 enter into Egypt , that he said unto Sarai his wife , Behold now , I know that thou art a fair woma
ll see thee , that they shall say , This is his wife : and they will kill me , but they will save th
se with great plagues because of Sarai Abram 's wife . 12:18 And Pharaoh called Abram and said , Wha
e ? why didst thou not tell me that she was thy wife ? 12:19 Why saidst thou , She is my sister ? so
 my sister ? so I might have taken her to me to wife : now therefore behold thy wife , take her , an
en her to me to wife : now therefore behold thy wife , take her , and go thy way . 12:20 And Pharaoh
ncerning him : and they sent him away , and his wife , and all that he had . 13:1 And Abram went up 
, but neither of them could hold a candle to my wife . She has only one maid , but , to see the work
e could not earn enough to keep himself and his wife . At last there came a day when he had nothing 
nyone having been there . The shoemaker and his wife did not know what to make of it . But the first
yone who had been there . The shoemaker and his wife were quite at a loss . That day a customer came
t went on like this until the shoemaker and his wife were prosperous people . But they could not be 
the pieces of leather on the bench , he and his wife hid themselves behind a curtain , and left a li
shoes on the bench , till the shoemaker and his wife had hard work not to laugh aloud . But as the c
om all as it was before . The shoemaker and his wife looked at each other , and said , `` How can we
 to make them some pretty clothes , '' said the wife , `` they are quite naked . '' `` I will make t
. That very day they commenced their task . The wife cut out two tiny , tiny coats of green , two we
s of gay little fairy-clothes . Then he and his wife hid away as before , to watch . Promptly at mid
t from that day they gave the shoemaker and his wife good luck , so that they never needed any more 
 had died beside him , and of the safety of his wife and children . Then the song would swell out lo
ld a court for the king and to get a lady for a wife , if I am able to do it . '' For , it seems the
r went to the king and told him to give him his wife and his money , as he had the court finished ; 
d ; and the king said he would not give him any wife until he had killed the other giant , for he sa
king then , and desired him to send him out his wife and his money , saying that he would throw down
 would throw down the court , and they sent the wife to him . When the tailor was a day gone , himse
hen the tailor was a day gone , himself and his wife , they repented and followed him to take his wi
fe , they repented and followed him to take his wife away from him again . The people who went after
d the lion said to them , `` The tailor and his wife were here yesterday . I saw them going by , and
greeted them , and said , `` The tailor and his wife were here this morning , and if you will loose 
white garraun told them that the tailor and his wife were there in the morning , and `` Loose me , '
d the army of Dublin pursued the tailor and his wife , and it was not long before they came up with 
 them coming , he got out of the coach with his wife , and he sat down on the ground . When the old 
 took to the law , And argued each case with my wife ; And the muscular strength , which it gave to 
to allow a crucifix in his house , or round his wife 's neck , or even in a picture . He said , as y
right to call him out . If he had said it of my wife , you English would yourselves have pardoned me
e . Your worship , I have no mother ; I have no wife . I have only that which the poor have equally 
his daughter 's room . He had recently lost his wife , whom he had loved heartily and rather heavily
ven a bad husband , will run raging to find his wife if he is full of a furious query . He found Mac
 ; like the spear poor old Parkinson killed his wife with , just when she 'd sent for me to settle t
'' threaten his victim with himself ? Suppose a wife became a rigid teetotaller in order to frighten
tters in another hand , threatening to tell his wife ! Why should n't it work ? Suppose a father for
had hanged his own father ; and another had his wife scourged at the cart tail through the village ;
 in so many words , ` Champion is stealing your wife , ' he would think the joke a little vulgar : t
s sat reading by a shaded lamp , exactly as his wife described him . A decanter of port and a winegl
ep and virile indifference in the man which his wife had called greatness . He laid down a gory yell
ing in his original purpose of going to see his wife act Juliet . `` I wo n't keep you long from ` T
of that is but sixpence , and that I 'll take . Wife , give the lad two shillings , and take this ha
hillings , and take this half-crown . '' So the wife opened an old glove , and took out two shilling
he woman . `` Let him do what he will with it , wife , '' said the man . `` But , '' argued the wife
wife , '' said the man . `` But , '' argued the wife , `` another penny would do just as well to buy
respected in the village , for her conduct as a wife and as a mother , and all were eager to show he
 notice of the blaze or of Susan ; and when his wife asked him how he did , he made no answer , but 
een fixed , and drawing his chair closer to his wife . `` You see something is amiss with me , wife 
 wife . `` You see something is amiss with me , wife -- I 'll tell you what it is . '' As he lowered
ll hear . `` About a fortnight ago , you know , wife , '' continued he , `` there was a balloting in
'' Here Farmer Price made a dead stop ; and his wife and Susan looked up in his face , breathless wi
hort sigh ; `` I must leave you in three days , wife . '' `` Must you ? '' said his wife , in a fain
hree days , wife . '' `` Must you ? '' said his wife , in a faint , resigned voice . `` Susan , love
d had no wish indeed to conceal anything from a wife he loved so well ; but , firm as he was , and s
lease for the life of Peter Price , Susanna his wife , and to the survivor or survivors of them , or
 heard was true ; but the revived smiles of his wife , the noisy joy of his little boys , and the sa
 , comes to ten more . What think you of this , wife ? Have we not a right to be proud of our Susan 
ng . The next morning , when Farmer Price , his wife , and Susan , were sitting together , reflectin
to wish for anything more ; but how I DO wish , wife , that our good friend , the harper was only he
 of me , I ca n't see the great unpossibility , wife . Landlady . Wife , indeed ! -- wife ! -- wife 
see the great unpossibility , wife . Landlady . Wife , indeed ! -- wife ! -- wife ! wife every minut
sibility , wife . Landlady . Wife , indeed ! -- wife ! -- wife ! wife every minute . Landlord . Heyd
 wife . Landlady . Wife , indeed ! -- wife ! -- wife ! wife every minute . Landlord . Heyday ! Why ,
 Landlady . Wife , indeed ! -- wife ! -- wife ! wife every minute . Landlord . Heyday ! Why , what a
d of it ; but everyone to their mind , as you , wife , do n't fancy the being called Mrs. Landlady .
be a landlady . Landlord . Very true , indeed , wife -- Mrs. Newington , I mean -- I ask pardon ; bu
 manner . You had almost thought I had been his wife . The counterpane was of patchwork , full of od
sed in mounting a ship from a boat at sea . The wife of a whaling captain had provided the chapel wi
fidential disclosures between friends . Man and wife , they say , there open the very bottom of thei
ave a wicked name . Besides , my boy , he has a wife -- not three voyages wedded -- a sweet , resign
is far-away domestic memories of his young Cape wife and child , tend to bend him still more from th
artha 's Vineyard plantation , boys ; including wife and children , boys . Lay me on -- lay me on ! 
he raw recruit , marching from the bosom of his wife into the fever heat of his first battle ; not t
arry -- ( a woman 's pinny hand , -- the man 's wife , I 'll wager ) -- Aye -- Mr. Harry Macey , Shi
 '' `` Poor fellow ! poor fellow ! and from his wife , '' sighed Mayhew ; `` but let me have it . ''
ar him but Nature herself ; and her he takes to wife in the wilderness of waters , and the best of w
here in the intellect or the fancy ; but in the wife , the heart , the bed , the table , the saddle 
fellow ! has a stick of whale 's jaw-bone for a wife ! And this is his leg ; he 'll stand on this . 
 ; embraced a youthful , daughter-like , loving wife , and three blithe , ruddy children ; every Sun
so that always had the young and loving healthy wife listened with no unhappy nervousness , but with
blow every day grew fainter than the last ; the wife sat frozen at the window , with tearless eyes ,
. A touch , and Starbuck may survive to hug his wife and child again. -- Oh Mary ! Mary ! -- boy ! b
e magnetic steel was of no more use than an old wife 's knitting needle . But in either case , the n
ap to replace it , and thereupon Tanaquil , his wife , declared that Tarquin would be king of Rome .
, leaving but one dent in my marriage pillow -- wife ? wife ? -- rather a widow with her husband ali
ng but one dent in my marriage pillow -- wife ? wife ? -- rather a widow with her husband alive ! Ay
tone ! this is the magic glass , man ; I see my wife and my child in thine eye . No , no ; stay on b
 let us fly these deadly waters ! let us home ! Wife and child , too , are Starbuck 's -- wife and c
ome ! Wife and child , too , are Starbuck 's -- wife and child of his brotherly , sisterly , play-fe
ay-fellow youth ; even as thine , sir , are the wife and child of thy loving , longing , paternal ol
 he shall forego Father and mother , and to his wife adhere ; And they shall be one flesh , one hear
 being , still shades thee , and protects . The wife , where danger or dishonour lurks , Safest and 
mselves among The thickest trees , both man and wife ; till God , Approaching , thus to Adam called 
Because thou hast hearkened to the voice of thy wife , And eaten of the tree , concerning which I ch
 be no more , Portia is Brutus Harlot , not his Wife Bru . You are my true and honourable Wife , As 
t his Wife Bru . You are my true and honourable Wife , As deere to me , as are the ruddy droppes Tha
but withall , A Woman that Lord Brutus tooke to Wife : I graunt I am a Woman ; but withall , A Woman
ru . O ye Gods ! Render me worthy of this Noble Wife . Knocke . Harke , harke , one knockes : Portia
you , I will let you know . Calphurnia heere my wife , stayes me at home : She dreampt to night , sh
p the Senate , till another time : When Caesars wife shall meete with better Dreames . If Caesar hid
 of proscription Had you your Letters from your wife , my Lord ? Bru . No Messala Messa . Nor nothin
equall Scale weighing Delight and Dole Taken to Wife ; nor haue we heerein barr'd Your better Wisedo
e lasting strife , If once a Widdow , euer I be Wife Ham . If she should breake it now King . 'T is 
one in Vienna : Gonzago is the Dukes name , his wife Baptista : you shall see anon : 't is a knauish
n how the Murtherer gets the loue of Gonzago 's wife Ophe . The King rises Ham . What , frighted wit
o : You are the Queene , your Husbands Brothers wife , But would you were not so . You are my Mother
mlet . My Mother : Father and Mother is man and wife : man & wife is one flesh , and so my mother . 
her : Father and Mother is man and wife : man & wife is one flesh , and so my mother . Come , for En
l . I hop 'd thou should'st haue bin my Hamlets wife : I thought thy Bride-bed to haue deckt ( sweet
g Swine 3 . Sister , where thou ? 1 . A Saylors Wife had Chestnuts in her Lappe , And mouncht , & mo
 Herbenger , and make ioyfull The hearing of my Wife , with your approach : So humbly take my leaue 
ourish . Exeunt . Scena Quinta . Enter Macbeths Wife alone with a Letter . Lady . They met me in the
 to your Offices . This Diamond he greetes your Wife withall , By the name of most kind Hostesse , A
acb . O , full of Scorpions is my Minde , deare Wife : Thou know'st , that Banquo and his Fleans liu
 vpon Fife ; giue to th ' edge o'th ' Sword His Wife , his Babes , and all vnfortunate Soules That t
 are . Exeunt . Scena Secunda . Enter Macduffes Wife , her Son , and Rosse . Wife . What had he done
 . Enter Macduffes Wife , her Son , and Rosse . Wife . What had he done , to make him fly the Land ?
the Land ? Rosse . You must haue patience Madam Wife . He had none : His flight was madnesse : when 
 not Whether it was his wisedome , or his feare Wife . Wisedom ? to leaue his wife , to leaue his Ba
me , or his feare Wife . Wisedom ? to leaue his wife , to leaue his Babes , His Mansion , and his Ti
e before . My pretty Cosine , Blessing vpon you Wife . Father 'd he is , And yet hee 's Father-lesse
omfort . I take my leaue at once . Exit Rosse . Wife . Sirra , your Fathers dead , And what will you
 ? How will you liue ? Son . As Birds do Mother Wife . What with Wormes , and Flyes ? Son . With wha
 Son . With what I get I meane , and so do they Wife . Poore Bird , Thou'dst neuer Feare the Net , n
for : My Father is not dead for all your saying Wife . Yes , he is dead : How wilt thou do for a Fat
her ? Son . Nay how will you do for a Husband ? Wife . Why I can buy me twenty at any Market Son . T
Market Son . Then you ' l by 'em to sell againe Wife . Thou speak'st withall thy wit , And yet I'fai
r thee Son . Was my Father a Traitor , Mother ? Wife . I , that he was Son . What is a Traitor ? Wif
ife . I , that he was Son . What is a Traitor ? Wife . Why one that sweares , and lyes Son . And be 
and lyes Son . And be all Traitors , that do so Wife . Euery one that do 's so , is a Traitor , And 
must they all be hang 'd , that swear and lye ? Wife . Euery one Son . Who must hang them ? Wife . W
e ? Wife . Euery one Son . Who must hang them ? Wife . Why , the honest men Son . Then the Liars and
ow , to beate the honest men , and hang vp them Wife . Now God helpe thee , poore Monkie : But how w
igne , that I should quickely haue a new Father Wife . Poore pratler , how thou talk'st ? Enter a Me
licious singing of the mother , or of the young wife at work , or of the girl sewing or washing , Ea
stops now and then for the knots , The one-year wife is recovering and happy having a week ago borne
 for their time , The old husband sleeps by his wife and the young husband sleeps by his wife ; And 
by his wife and the young husband sleeps by his wife ; And these tend inward to me , and I tend outw
l night to my thighs and lips . My voice is the wife 's voice , the screech by the rail of the stair
d unhurt out of the flames ; By the mechanic 's wife with her babe at her nipple interceding for eve
ce boy ? The well-taken photographs -- but your wife or friend close and solid in your arms ? The bl
and old mother comprehend me , The girl and the wife rest the needle a moment and forget where they 
 poems , Man 's , woman 's , child , youth 's , wife 's , husband 's , mother 's , father 's , young
end to friend , Of the well-married husband and wife , of children and parents , Of city for city an
d eternal O love ! O woman I love ! O bride ! O wife ! more resistless than I can tell , the thought
 signs , Acknowledging none else , not parent , wife , husband , brother , child , any nearer than I
 ? I hear the workman singing and the farmer 's wife singing , I hear in the distance the sounds of 
t silent loathing and despair . No husband , no wife , no friend , trusted to hear the confession , 
of better , loftier love 's ideals , the divine wife , the sweet , eternal , perfect comrade ? Joys 
 over the supper joyously cook 'd by the chaste wife , and joyously eaten by the chaste husband , co
he family , parentage , childhood , husband and wife , The house-comforts , the house itself and all
r or dearest friend , If your lover , husband , wife , is welcome by day or night , I must be person
see , And all else behind or through them . The wife , and she is not one jot less than the husband 
 nighest neighbor -- woman in mother , sister , wife , The popular tastes and employments taking pre
ing , neglected , gaunt , desperate , I see the wife misused by her husband , I see the treacherous 
ir lives. } The Artilleryman 's Vision While my wife at my side lies slumbering , and the wars are o
 and suffer 'd , the mother suffer 'd , And the wife and the child and the musing comrade suffer 'd 
 their bed , he with his palm on the hip of the wife , and she with her palm on the hip of the husba
mmence , The affectionate boy , the husband and wife , the voter , the nominee that is chosen and th

Samples for 'girl':
y good servant : she is a civil , pretty-spoken girl ; I have a great opinion of her . Whenever I se
; a most welcome request : for Miss Smith was a girl of seventeen , whom Emma knew very well by sigh
t school there with her . She was a very pretty girl , and her beauty happened to be of a sort which
ished , and very unfit to be the intimates of a girl who wanted only a little more knowledge and ele
 as pleasure ; but the humble , grateful little girl went off with highly gratified feelings , delig
ied herself that he thought Harriet a beautiful girl , which she trusted , with such frequent meetin
 which she could not dispense with : -- but the girl who could be gratified by a Robert Martin 's ri
e it was for Emma , that there should be such a girl in Highbury for her to associate with . Mr. Kni
any strength of mind , or tend at all to make a girl adapt herself rationally to the varieties of he
 than I ever believed her . What is the foolish girl about ? '' `` Oh ! to be sure , '' cried Emma ,
 situation . Emma , your infatuation about that girl blinds you . What are Harriet Smith 's claims ,
rder at a common school . She is not a sensible girl , nor a girl of any information . She has been 
mon school . She is not a sensible girl , nor a girl of any information . She has been taught nothin
ble as you represent them . She is not a clever girl , but she has better sense than you are aware o
in general , for she is , in fact , a beautiful girl , and must be thought so by ninety-nine people 
ll-informed minds instead of handsome faces , a girl , with such loveliness as Harriet , has a certa
 is the feeling of you all . I know that such a girl as Harriet is exactly what every man delights i
e flow in so fast , though she is a very pretty girl . Men of sense , whatever you may chuse to say 
ot be very fond of connecting themselves with a girl of such obscurity -- and most prudent men would
ife -- or , at least , ( for Harriet Smith is a girl who will marry somebody or other , ) till she g
ildren with her -- the youngest , a nice little girl about eight months old , who was now making her
ss Smith ! -- Miss Smith is a very good sort of girl ; and I should be happy to see her respectably 
ght not to have attempted more . But now , poor girl , her peace is cut up for some time . I have be
nsumption and grief soon afterwards -- and this girl . By birth she belonged to Highbury : and when 
 a married man , with only one living child , a girl , about Jane 's age : and Jane became their gue
ars before , Anne Elliot had been a very pretty girl , but her bloom had vanished early ; and as eve
disappointed her . She had , while a very young girl , as soon as she had known him to be , in the e
, and brilliancy ; and Anne an extremely pretty girl , with gentleness , modesty , taste , and feeli
m , only reached the dignity of being `` a fine girl . '' She was now lying on the faded sofa of the
 Well , and I had heard of you as a very pretty girl , and what were we to wait for besides ? I do n
g her separation from home , and suffering as a girl of fourteen , of strong sensibility and not hig
nged Anne from the blooming , silent , unformed girl of fifteen , to the elegant little woman of sev
lain ; he has too much spirit for that . If the girl likes another man better , it is very fit she s
isa Musgrove as a very amiable , sweet-tempered girl , and not deficient in understanding , but Benw
rstand each other ere long . We are not boy and girl , to be captiously irritable , misled by every 
e for ever , had not the entreaty of her eldest girl induced her first to reflect on the propriety o
her sister , was a good-humored , well-disposed girl ; but as she had already imbibed a good deal of
nce was a growing attachment between her eldest girl and the brother of Mrs. John Dashwood , a gentl
on ; for to be unaffected was all that a pretty girl could want to make her mind as captivating as h
 anxious to get a good husband for every pretty girl . The immediate advantage to herself was by no 
mon cant of praise , she was called a beautiful girl , truth was less violently outraged than usuall
pose they were going to be married . Ungracious girl ! But I require no such proof . Nothing in my o
d Elinor ; '' I should hardly call her a lively girl -- she is very earnest , very eager in all she 
 and yet I have always set her down as a lively girl . '' `` I have frequently detected myself in su
Now , Palmer , you shall see a monstrous pretty girl . '' He immediately went into the passage , ope
may tell your sister . She is a monstrous lucky girl to get him , upon my honour ; not but that he i
ia , '' she added , tenderly caressing a little girl of three years old , who had not made a noise f
 bell for some working candles ? My poor little girl would be sadly disappointed , I know , if the b
ing to me , that a man should use such a pretty girl so ill ! But when there is plenty of money on o
dear . Did you ever see her ? a smart , stylish girl they say , but not handsome . I remember her au
 who he will , comes and makes love to a pretty girl , and promises marriage , he has no business to
 word only because he grows poor , and a richer girl is ready to have him . Why do n't he , in such 
 of this age . '' `` Do you know what kind of a girl Miss Grey is ? Is she said to be amiable ? '' `
he remains of the lovely , blooming , healthful girl , on whom I had once doted . What I endured in 
. She left to my care her only child , a little girl , the offspring of her first guilty connection 
CAN feel for another would do . He had left the girl whose youth and innocence he had seduced , in a
he wretched and hopeless situation of this poor girl , and pictures her to herself , with an affecti
tion of Miss Williams , the misery of that poor girl , and the doubt of what his designs might ONCE 
s been a very short one ! She was as handsome a girl last September , as I ever saw ; and as likely 
n , and I believe there is not a better kind of girl in the world , nor one who more deserves a good
and have given a boy for an harlot , and sold a girl for wine , that they might drink . 3:4 Yea , an
in the year . Little boy , Full of joy ; Little girl , Sweet and small ; Cock does crow , So do you 
here , Nor poverty the mind appall . THE LITTLE GIRL LOST In futurity I prophetic see That the earth
onveyed To caves the sleeping maid . THE LITTLE GIRL FOUND All the night in woe Lyca 's parents go O
e such thing done on Albion 's shore ? A LITTLE GIRL LOST Children of the future age , Reading this 
move you out to-night . '' A TRUE STORY ABOUT A GIRL Once there were four little girls who lived in 
ere the giant tried to follow Jack , the little girl cut down the beanstalk , and down came the gian
oved her mother , and by and by , as the little girl began to grow into a big girl , she felt very s
y , as the little girl began to grow into a big girl , she felt very sad to see her dear mother work
 . THE LITTLE FIR TREE When I was a very little girl some one , probably my mother , read to me Hans
 n't know . At all events , she told the little girl to go . So the maiden went , and brought her mo
AIRIES Once upon a time there was a dear little girl , whose name was Elsa . Elsa 's father and moth
ep , I can not sew a seam ; when I was a little girl I never learned to work , and now I can not do 
lace about the Nightingale . At last , a little girl who worked in the kitchen to help the cook , sa
a creature ! '' `` Oh , no , '' said the little girl , `` that is just a cow , mooing . '' A little 
urch-bells ! '' `` Oh , no , '' said the little girl , `` those are bullfrogs , croaking . '' At las
 Nightingale was . `` Hush ! '' said the little girl , `` she is going to sing . '' And , sure enoug
 ! '' MARGERY 'S GARDEN There was once a little girl named Margery , who had always lived in the cit
gold . There was a great deal for a little city girl to be surprised about , and it did seem as if m
 have . This time it was a most beautiful young girl , named Zelia ; the prince saw her , and loved 
 a great rage , Prince Cherry ordered the young girl to be put in prison ; and the key of her dungeo
iend . `` May you not do as you will ? Keep the girl in a dungeon till she does as you command , and
ly he saw some rough men dragging along a young girl , who was weeping and crying for help . What wa
elp . What was his horror to see that the young girl was Zelia ! Oh , how he wished he were the mons
ould manage it ? ) 'And what an ignorant little girl she 'll think me for asking ! No , it 'll never
 ashamed of yourself , ' said Alice , ' a great girl like you , ' ( she might well say this ) , 'to 
ng to invent something ! ' ' I -- I 'm a little girl , ' said Alice , rather doubtfully , as she rem
t does it matter to me whether you 're a little girl or a serpent ? ' 'It matters a good deal to ME 
 read a public statement beginning with a young girl dying in Brighton and ending with Bile Beans . 
oad . MacIan felt a faint stir behind him ; the girl had risen to her feet and was leaning forward t
ive , immediately jumped into the car ; but the girl cast an eye at MacIan , who stood in the road f
 his own authority and stepped back again . The girl was a daughter of the rich ; and this police su
eemed to him nonsense . He was silent , and the girl went on in a lower key as if she were momentari
 be in the newspapers , of course , '' said the girl . `` People read the newspapers , but they do n
 off into uncontrollable fits of laughter . The girl had not stirred an inch . After another half mi
t of lodge- or gate-keepers ' cottage ; and the girl stood up in the car and turned her splendid fac
d you save us ? '' he said , quite humbly . The girl tore off one of her gloves , as if she were tea
m the other men ? I mean the policemen ? '' The girl 's great brown eyes were lit up with a flash th
motive is too big for my mind , '' answered the girl . Then , after a pause , as she stared with a r
d after one minute he turned his head . But the girl had only brushed Evan 's hand with hers and had
she was an exceptionally reticent and religious girl , and secondly , because there was hardly anybo
 she had this difference from such girls as the girl in the motor-car , that one did not incline to 
elf an unmistakable figure in the track of this girl as she went to church . He was a short , prospe
 allow me to see you home , '' said Bert to the girl , in a gruff and almost stifled voice ; `` I th
y be right or wrong to risk dying , '' said the girl , simply ; '' the poor women in our village ris
? '' `` You always go to Mass , '' answered the girl , opening her wide blue eyes , `` and the Mass 
blundered as Evan had done in telling it to the girl in the motor-car . `` The plain truth is , '' h
omething about you in a newspaper , '' said the girl , with a simplicity which even surprise could n
u think it is only a bit of bread , '' said the girl , and her lips tightened ever so little . `` I 
died yesterday in Ealing . You murdered him . A girl had the toothache in Croydon . You gave it her 
y got hold of you . You mistook some other poor girl here for her . '' `` Mistook some other -- -- '
onal acquaintances so different as Vane and the girl . As he skirted a low hedge of laurel , an enor
asperity : `` You are still thinking about that girl , but I tell you the whole thing is incredible 
n the corridor , and the door opened on a young girl , decently dressed but disordered and red-hot w
ered , for all I can make out , '' answered the girl , still breathing hard from her rush . `` That 
. `` I know his name is Glass , '' answered the girl , in great impatience . `` I heard it through t
k down the door and could n't , '' answered the girl shortly , '' Then I ran to the back-yard , and 
g the dreary tail of the MacNabs ' street : the girl with the stern and breathless stride of the mou
ou going to take those ropes off ? '' asked the girl stubbornly . Dr Hood replaced the silk hat care
ook at his eyes ! '' Both the Professor and the girl followed the direction of his glance . And thou
` Oh , it sounds rather dreadful , '' cried the girl , turning her glorious eyes on Muscari . `` Do 
ow a little more . '' He gazed painfully at the girl , at that moment being raised out of the flower
d as hopeless . He glanced around him ; but the girl had already gone over to soothe and comfort her
pertinent intimacy , but do you care about that girl ? Care enough to marry her and make her a good 
property missing . Then came one case where the girl was found dead ; but deliberation could not qui
ty high-toned Panhard ; he was accompanied by a girl wrapped in a ragged shawl . On the police inter
only a navvy with beer and cheese , and a young girl with red hair and a glass of milk . Then ( seei
e . '' Flambeau looked up in surprise ; but the girl with the red hair also looked up , and with som
at it says ? '' His ruminating eye roved to the girl 's light canvas sleeve , round the wrist of whi
a crooked nose , '' remonstrated the red-haired girl . The priest smiled in his turn . `` I do n't s
me more about that than I can tell you . '' The girl sprang to her feet and stood quite quietly , bu
ll tell you everything , '' said the red-haired girl doggedly , '' except why I am telling you ; and
uld begin to relieve the monotony for an unruly girl of seventeen placed in such a position . But I 
n such cases ; and almost without knowing , the girl was soon reiterating her story to two listeners
Wagga , 379 , Mafeking Avenue , Putney . '' The girl was going on with her story . `` I went up the 
lham place in an hour and a half hence ? '' The girl looked at him , and then rose and put her glove
ly . Flambeau lowered his voice . `` Unless the girl 's lover comes in , too , and he would be the b
t him fall soft . '' Taking a latchkey from the girl and the coin from Hawker , Flambeau let himself
 is -- revolting . It 's mere vomiting . '' The girl winced for a flash at the unpleasant word , but
' he asked . `` What do you mean ? '' asked the girl , with grave eyes . `` My dear Miss Gregory , '
 beyond the world . He stared and talked at the girl 's red hair and amused face for what seemed to 
 . In the wild events which were to follow this girl had no part at all ; he never saw her again unt
an hour except that I liked the singing of that girl with black hair . '' `` Well , there you are ag
f the Chinese lanterns in Saffron Park , of the girl 's red hair in the garden , of the honest , bee
nd made a movement as if to twirl like a ballet girl . `` My master asks me to say , '' said the att
 fairy dancing with a pillar-box , or a peasant girl dancing with the moon ; but in each case it was
rden . There he saw the sister of Gregory , the girl with the gold-red hair , cutting lilac before b
kfast , with the great unconscious gravity of a girl .
e knew her to be an honest , industrious little girl , and she would trust her with more than a guin
ad great pleasure in giving to this industrious girl the reward of her ingenuity , which she receive
display of airs and finery . There was one poor girl , amongst her former associates , to whom she h
usan would come , I 'm sure , '' cried a little girl , whose lap was full of primroses . `` Susan wi
ay be like Susan , when I grow up to be a great girl , and so do I. I should not like to look concei
poor , '' said Philip , `` it does not become a girl to look conceited , much less BOLD , as Barbara
he was gone , 'Pray , who is that neat , modest girl -- ? ' But I wish Susan would come , '' cried P
 behind . '' Susan kissed the little breathless girl , and returned softly to the side of her mother
 say I was not at home , Betty ? Well , my good girl , what brings you here ? Something to borrow or
though I used to forget them when I was a giddy girl . I assure you I am a great hand at my needle ,
, that this excellent bread was made by a young girl only twelve years old . The housekeeper , who h
 with her mother , ma'am , or fit people , as a girl should be . As for her mother , she dotes upon 
before this time , when Susan was a very little girl , and could scarcely speak plain , as she was e
ot lamb good to eat ? Why do you look so pale , girl ? Are not sheep killed every day , and do n't y
ld be worse again to poor Susan , who is a good girl , and always was , as well as she may , being o
t . `` Susan , '' said she , accosting the poor girl , whom she had done everything in her power to 
 have seen her , I believe ; she is a very good girl , indeed , '' said Mrs. Price . `` And works ve
poor-looking house , there was sitting a little girl weaving lace . Her bobbins moved as quick as li
ident one of the rolls fell close to the little girl . She took it up eagerly , looked at it as if s
ow , and entangled all the bobbins . The little girl came back out of breath to her work ; but what 
 , and was out of sight in an instant . `` Poor girl ! '' exclaimed Rosamond , no longer able to res
 indignation at this injustice ; `` poor little girl ! '' At this instant her mother said to Rosamon
ing another exclamation upon the `` Poor little girl ! '' she went to spend her half-guinea upon her
led the `` little miser '' beckoned to the poor girl , and , opening the window , said , pointing to
too severe upon Bell when he called her a silly girl . From her infancy she had been humoured ; and 
 not three voyages wedded -- a sweet , resigned girl . Think of that ; by that sweet girl that old m
, resigned girl . Think of that ; by that sweet girl that old man has a child : hold ye then there c
use . Has the poor lad a sister ? Where 's that girl ? -- there , Betty , go to Snarles the Painter 
h her husband alive ! Aye , I widowed that poor girl when I married her , Starbuck ; and then , the 
ns ; all the past is somehow grown dim . Mary , girl ! thou fadest in pale glories behind me ; boy !
ther , or of the young wife at work , or of the girl sewing or washing , Each singing what belongs t
 with my hand . The youngster and the red-faced girl turn aside up the bushy hill , I peeringly view
 open air in the far west , the bride was a red girl , Her father and his friends sat near cross-leg
removed drops horribly in a pail ; The quadroon girl is sold at the auction-stand , the drunkard nod
orne her first child , The clean-hair 'd Yankee girl works with her sewing-machine or in the factory
young mother and old mother comprehend me , The girl and the wife rest the needle a moment and forge
, You grew up with me , were a boy with me or a girl with me , I ate with you and slept with you , y
cheek 'd girls , and the barefoot negro boy and girl , And all the changes of city and country where
ound , library , college , The student , boy or girl , led forward to be taught , The sick cared for
words refuse to glisten and rustle for you . My girl I appoint with you an appointment , and I charg
inner together , Of when she was a nearly grown girl living home with her parents on the old homeste
d female are hand in hand , The bare arm of the girl crosses the bare breast of her lover , they pre

Samples for 'lady':
this marriage . A worthy employment for a young lady 's mind ! But if , which I rather imagine , you
 of a former vicar of Highbury , was a very old lady , almost past every thing but tea and quadrille
all the regard and respect which a harmless old lady , under such untoward circumstances , can excit
e . '' `` If it were admissible to contradict a lady , '' said the gallant Mr. Elton -- '' I have pe
ced he could not do better . I praised the fair lady too , and altogether sent him away very happy .
 allow much time to pass before he spoke to the lady , and as he does not appear to have spoken yest
rt of mischief . Nothing so easy as for a young lady to raise her expectations too high . Miss Harri
 which a friend of his had addressed to a young lady , the object of his admiration , but which , fr
ho the friend was -- and who could be the young lady . Do you think it is a good one ? Can it be wom
 much gratified by the kind care of such a fair lady , and not liking to resist any advice of her 's
ey will , because it is a family that a certain lady , of some consequence , at Enscombe , has a par
d even gratefully welcomed ; the quiet neat old lady , who with her knitting was seated in the warme
pliment repeated twice over before the good old lady could comprehend it . She was pondering , in th
iss Jane Fairfax is a very pretty sort of young lady , a very pretty and a very well-behaved young l
y , a very pretty and a very well-behaved young lady indeed . She must have found the evening agreea
ad always rather fancied it would be some young lady hereabouts ; not that I ever -- Mrs. Cole once 
g encouragement ; and not only losing the right lady , but finding himself debased to the level of a
ciousness and agitation richly scattered -- the lady had been so easily impressed -- so sweetly disp
beginning their life of civility again . Of the lady , individually , Emma thought very little . She
 a neighbour of yours , ( turning to Emma , ) a lady residing in or near Highbury ; a family of the 
u that you will find her a very agreeable young lady . She is staying here on a visit to her grandma
ery nearly three-quarters of an hour . The good lady had not given me the possibility of escape befo
 ? '' `` Ill , very ill -- that is , if a young lady can ever be allowed to look ill . But the expre
e it to be a very unfair one . It is always the lady 's right to decide on the degree of acquaintanc
the shop again , '' Did you ever hear the young lady we were speaking of , play ? '' said Frank Chur
h Park , in the county of Gloucester , by which lady ( who died 1800 ) he has issue Elizabeth , born
or character to any thing deserved by his own . Lady Elliot had been an excellent woman , sensible a
ardoned the youthful infatuation which made her Lady Elliot , had never required indulgence afterwar
 of Kellynch ; and on her kindness and advice , Lady Elliot mainly relied for the best help and main
aintance . Thirteen years had passed away since Lady Elliot 's death , and they were still near neig
e remained a widower , the other a widow . That Lady Russell , of steady age and character , and ext
as always to give way -- she was only Anne . To Lady Russell , indeed , she was a most dear and high
 valued god-daughter , favourite , and friend . Lady Russell loved them all ; but it was only in Ann
nd the rapid increase of the crow 's foot about Lady Russell 's temples had long been a distress to 
chaise and four , and walking immediately after Lady Russell out of all the drawing-rooms and dining
ot been known to them as a boy ; but soon after Lady Elliot 's death , Sir Walter had sought the acq
 of the state required in its possessor . While Lady Elliot lived , there had been method , moderati
who lived in the neighbouring market town , and Lady Russell , were called to advise them ; and both
mplicit reference to the excellent judgement of Lady Russell , from whose known good sense he fully 
es advised as he meant to see finally adopted . Lady Russell was most anxiously zealous on the subje
 can persuade your father to all this , '' said Lady Russell , looking over her paper , `` much may 
 be prescribed , and felt as a duty . She rated Lady Russell 's influence highly ; and as to the sev
of both , and so on , through the whole list of Lady Russell 's too gentle reductions . How Anne 's 
ight have been taken is of little consequence . Lady Russell 's had no success at all : could not be
own neighbourhood , where they might still have Lady Russell 's society , still be near Mary , and s
distance from Kellynch , only fifty miles , and Lady Russell 's spending some part of every winter t
r there ; and to the very great satisfaction of Lady Russell , whose first views on the projected ch
r consequence nor enjoyment by settling there . Lady Russell felt obliged to oppose her dear Anne 's
h she had afterwards spent there with herself . Lady Russell was fond of Bath , in short , and dispo
k come the reasons for approving what we like ! Lady Russell had another excellent one at hand , for
Mr. Henry Dashwood had one son : by his present lady , three daughters . The son , a steady respecta
s no knowing what THEY may expect , '' said the lady , `` but we are not to think of their expectati
the house for their mistress's arrival ; for as Lady Middleton was entirely unknown to Mrs. Dashwood
ction of sending them his newspaper every day . Lady Middleton had sent a very civil message by him 
her appearance was favourable to their wishes . Lady Middleton was not more than six or seven and tw
not wanted , for Sir John was very chatty , and Lady Middleton had taken the wise precaution of brin
n 's gratification , the latter for that of his lady . They were scarcely ever without some friends 
ery narrow compass . Sir John was a sportsman , Lady Middleton a mother . He hunted and shot , and s
hildren ; and these were their only resources . Lady Middleton had the advantage of being able to sp
ave exercise to the good breeding of his wife . Lady Middleton piqued herself upon the elegance of h
rivate balls were numerous enough for any young lady who was not suffering under the unsatiable appe
nd every body was full of engagements . Luckily Lady Middleton 's mother had arrived at Barton withi
arty , and wished for no more . Mrs. Jennings , Lady Middleton 's mother , was a good-humoured , mer
y resemblance of manner to be his friend , than Lady Middleton was to be his wife , or Mrs. Jennings
ton was to be his wife , or Mrs. Jennings to be Lady Middleton 's mother . He was silent and grave .
s to the Dashwoods ; but the cold insipidity of Lady Middleton was so particularly repulsive , that 
ir John and his mother-in-law was interesting . Lady Middleton seemed to be roused to enjoyment only
quest went through the chief of the songs which Lady Middleton had brought into the family on her ma
ation with the others while every song lasted . Lady Middleton frequently called him to order , wond
sing the blushes and the vanity of many a young lady by insinuations of her power over such a young 
 , on enquiry , that its possessor , an elderly lady of very good character , was unfortunately too 
esided there only while he was visiting the old lady at Allenham Court , to whom he was related , an
 indignity of being approved by such a woman as Lady Middleton and Mrs. Jennings , that could comman
and Marianne will make amends for the regard of Lady Middleton and her mother . If their praise is c
of Norland with less regret than ever . Neither Lady Middleton nor Mrs. Jennings could supply to her
ldeans : for thou shalt no more be called , The lady of kingdoms . 47:6 I was wroth with my people ,
 thy yoke . 47:7 And thou saidst , I shall be a lady for ever : so that thou didst not lay these thi
le General of John 1:1 The elder unto the elect lady and her children , whom I love in the truth ; a
 from the Father . 1:5 And now I beseech thee , lady , not as though I wrote a new commandment unto 
de of jewels , and it was just big enough for a lady mouse . So the little Field Mouse gave the tiny
, `` to build a court for the king and to get a lady for a wife , if I am able to do it . '' For , i
 nearer , they saw that it was a most beautiful lady , robed in floating garments as fine as cobwebs
 . But the industrious man ran after the lovely lady and caught the hem of her floating robe in his 
`` I am the Fairy of Fortune , '' the beautiful lady said , `` and that is my castle . You may reach
 A costly Diamond , that had once sparkled in a lady 's ring , lay in a field amid tall grasses and 
' I 'm getting tired of this . I vote the young lady tells us a story . ' ' I 'm afraid I do n't kno
thing ! ' said the Queen , 'and take this young lady to see the Mock Turtle , and to hear his histor
 of tears , but said nothing . 'This here young lady , ' said the Gryphon , 'she wants for to know y
aith was as fundamental as his faith , that Our Lady was alive . Any persons he had talked to since 
e he had looked at the grass . He knew that Our Lady 's robes were blue before he knew the wild rose
. The stars were lost jewels of the Queen . Our Lady had gone and left the stars by accident . His p
howed throughout . `` Because he blasphemed Our Lady . '' `` I tell you once and for all , '' cried 
od . `` I answered , 'Because he blasphemed Our Lady . ' I had no other reason . So I have no other 
 it by the God you have denied , by the Blessed Lady you have blasphemed ; I swear it by the seven s
o the earth -- now , now that I must avenge Our Lady on her vile slanderer . Now or never . For the 
e symbol . When you wrote those words about Our Lady , you were in that act a wicked man doing a wic
d to each other all that day . IX . THE STRANGE LADY Moonrise with a great and growing moon opened o
sen to defend himself . By his side sat a young lady . She was sitting bolt upright , a slender and 
ffeur had mildly objected that he was driving a lady . `` Oh ! we 'll take care of the lady , '' sai
riving a lady . `` Oh ! we 'll take care of the lady , '' said the red-faced young man , and went of
pulled off his cap . For some solid seconds the lady and he merely looked at each other , and MacIan
n that short and strong silence he absorbed the lady from head to foot . He had never really looked 
e came to the conclusion that his one did . The lady 's instantaneous arrest of speech might need mo
ly awakening , feebly waving his left arm . The lady in long gloves and the fur cap leapt out and ra
 safely there and say good night . '' The young lady exhibited all the abrupt disturbance of a perso
and MacIan had fallen into the middle one ; the lady with a steely coolness had taken the driver 's 
ul inside it could think of a word to say . The lady symbolized her feelings , whatever they were , 
on four of five fixed nails . The fact that the lady had a little fur at her throat ; the fact that 
u are , I must tell her . '' `` I will tell the lady if you like , '' said Turnbull , with his uncon
 -- -- '' And he leant forward and spoke to the lady in the fur cap . `` I am afraid , madam , that 
 this gentleman wrote in his newspaper that Our Lady was a common woman , a bad woman , and so we ag
- but that was before we saw you . '' The young lady driving her car had half turned her face to lis
e to the side and touched his peaked cap to the lady . `` Beg your pardon , miss , '' he said with s
asked Dr Hood , who had been studying the young lady with marked interest . `` What is there about M
cientist gravely . `` I do not think this young lady is so Celtic as I had supposed . As I have noth
acNab described so vividly ( patience , my dear lady , patience ) , when we take the hairless head t
ari 's melodramatic tricks . '' Muscari set the lady lightly on her feet , made her an absurdly thea
e was bribed to upset his master . Then put the lady in the middle , and we will break the line up t
me , calling him Parkinson , and asking for the lady as Miss Aurora Rome . Parkinson said she was in
rather than ignore a definite commission from a lady . As to old Seymour , he had to be treated diff
ture , and he seemed relieved when he heard the lady call out some last instructions to the Captain 
an Catholic priest , who asked for the deceased lady and said his name was Brown . Miss Rome had the
xpert ; but no one noticed it now . `` The poor lady 's dress was torn , '' said the witness , '' be
ed in light brown sacking stuff ; but she was a lady , and even , on a second glance , a rather need
o consciousness of the fact that the red-haired lady had left her own table and sat down opposite hi
 . ' '' `` Well ? '' inquired the staring young lady . `` What does it matter what it says ? '' His 
an and make it more like the working-dress of a lady art-student . He seemed to find much food for t
 are a most singular person , '' said the young lady . `` What is your object in all this ? '' `` No
s the table . Father Brown presented him to the lady in his own slight , persuasive style of speech 
ne of a typewriter , worked by a vigorous young lady . He was a stoutish , fair man , in his shirt-s
uch remote parts still uncommon : a dark-haired lady , bare-headed , and paddling her own canoe . If
ebuilt in the old way . The story goes that the lady of Sir Peter Pendragon built it in this place a
as we were . '' Indeed , the black-haired young lady was letting her canoe float slowly and silently
on speaking : `` I thought of asking this young lady , if it were morning yet , to look through that
reck ; and would never have escaped it , if the lady had n't had the sense to suspect the old Admira
cial flower and everyone will think it 's for a lady 's hat . Put the same feather with an ink-bottl
et more gravely . `` Father Brown , '' said the lady , `` I am going to tell you all I know , but I 
, and turned his round face from the sky to the lady . `` He hated my husband because ... it is so s
ow of which was empty , except for a sickly wax lady in evening dress . Snow , however , began to th
; and Syme , having found one glance at the wax lady quite sufficient to depress his spirits , stare
sor had fallen in love with that particular wax lady . He could only suppose that the man 's malady 
ly the policeman that may be . Perhaps a maiden lady on Clapham Common is only the policeman that mi
rry some shells he had brought from abroad to a lady in the neighbourhood who was making a grotto . 
. Come along , my lad ; we can but try . '' The lady lived but a very little way off , so that they 
steboard , and scattered all the feathers . The lady looked very sorry , which Jem observing , he to
verybody else . '' `` Come , then , '' said the lady , laughing , `` if that is the case , I think I
 promise it , you will . '' `` No , '' said the lady , `` do not deceive yourself ; I assure you tha
t him wonder a few minutes longer , '' said the lady , `` and tell me the rest of your story . '' ``
are you willing earnestly to work ? '' said the lady ; `` you know there is a great deal of differen
y , and all day long . '' `` Then , '' said the lady , `` I will give you work . Come here , to-morr
day and all day long '' ; and every evening the lady , when she came out to walk in her gardens , lo
 as much , I 'm sure . '' `` Well , '' said the lady to her gardener , `` show me how much is a fair
 his spade . `` Then , little boy , '' said the lady , `` so much shall be your task every day . The
the mat , but he saw none . `` Oh , '' said the lady recollecting herself , `` I ca n't blame you , 
' `` I am very sorry to hear that , '' said the lady ; `` I wish we could find somebody who would do
s all . '' `` But that 's not all , '' said the lady . `` Spend your time no more in weeding in my g
m , making his best bow , for he thought by the lady 's looks that she meant to do him a favour , th
re is my little boy and his mats , '' cried the lady ; and , followed by all the rest of the company
of mats had disappeared . `` Well , '' said the lady , smiling , `` what do you see that makes you l
u are very welcome . '' `` Are we ? '' said the lady , `` well , take up your hat and go home then ,
illings . `` Thirty-six shillings , '' said the lady ; `` five and sevenpence I think you told me yo
 come with me now . '' `` Not now , '' said the lady , laughing ; `` but I will come to Ashton to-mo
 I hope it 's our milk-woman with cream for the lady . '' No ; it was Farmer Truck come for Lightfoo
em 's return . `` You 'd best sit down , if the lady will give you leave ; for he 'll not hurry hims
m , a little offended ; and when afterwards the lady went on questioning him in a severe manner , as
`` Oh , Jem ! Jem ! why do n't you speak to the lady ? '' said his mother . `` I have spoke , and sp
 ; `` and she did not believe me . '' Still the lady , who had lived too long in the world to be wit
ueg was about to precede me up the stairs , the lady reached forth her arm , and demanded his harpoo
rying was Captain Bildad 's sister , a lean old lady of a most determined and indefatigable spirit ,
ough the gentleman had originally harpooned the lady , and had once had her fast , and only by reaso
n a subsequent gentleman re-harpooned her , the lady then became that subsequent gentleman 's proper
ontended that the examples of the whale and the lady were reciprocally illustrative of each other . 
er dispenses a perfume , as when a musk-scented lady rustles her dress in a warm parlor . What then 
neat a leg now as ever ( SNEEZES ) scraped to a lady in a parlor . Those buckskin legs and calves of
y use them mercifully , as a tender-hearted old lady uses her roly-poly old coach-horses . But Ahab 
st thou bin ? Sooth . At mine owne house , good Lady Por . What is't a clocke ? Sooth . About the ni
t is't a clocke ? Sooth . About the ninth houre Lady Por . Is Caesar yet gone to the Capitoll ? Soot
to Caesar , hast thou not ? Sooth . That I haue Lady , if it will please Caesar To be so good to Cae
 beleeue it . Adieu . Thine euermore most deere Lady , whilst this Machine is to him , Hamlet . This
h whose lungs are tickled a'th ' sere : and the Lady shall say her minde freely ; or the blanke Vers
t thou to beard me in Denmarke ? What , my yong Lady and Mistris ? Byrlady your Ladiship is neerer H
Ham . Madam , how like you this Play ? Qu . The Lady protests to much me thinkes Ham . Oh but shee '
 with his Brother Qu . As kill a King ? Ham . I Lady , 't was my word . Thou wretched , rash , intru
. Speake to her Hamlet Ham . How is it with you Lady ? Qu . Alas , how is't with you ? That you bend
 staffe , and his Sandal shoone Qu . Alas sweet Lady : what imports this Song ? Ophe . Say you ? Nay
 you ? Nay pray you marke . He is dead and gone Lady , he is dead and gone , At his head a grasse-gr
ith true-loue showres King . How do ye , pretty Lady ? Ophe . Well , God dil 'd you . They say the O
or . I , my Lord Ham . Why ee'n so : and now my Lady Wormes , Chaplesse , and knockt about the Mazar
nta . Enter Macbeths Wife alone with a Letter . Lady . They met me in the day of successe : and I ha
r tidings ? Mess . The King comes here to Night Lady . Thou'rt mad to say it . Is not thy Master wit
ad scarcely more Then would make vp his Message Lady . Giue him tending , He brings great newes , Ex
 . My dearest Loue , Duncan comes here to Night Lady . And when goes hence ? Macb . To morrow , as h
 goes hence ? Macb . To morrow , as he purposes Lady . O neuer , Shall Sunne that Morrow see . Your 
 and Masterdome Macb . We will speake further , Lady . Onely looke vp cleare : To alter fauor , euer
 : I haue obseru'd The ayre is delicate . Enter Lady . King . See , see our honor 'd Hostesse : The 
or your paines , And thanke vs for your trouble Lady . All our seruice , In euery point twice done ,
pes it selfe , And falles on th ' other . Enter Lady . How now ? What Newes ? La . He has almost sup
u haue done to this Macb . If we should faile ? Lady . We faile ? But screw your courage to the stic
'd their very Daggers , That they haue do n't ? Lady . Who dares receiue it other , As we shall make
en , or to Hell . Enter . Scena Secunda . Enter Lady . La . That which hath made the [ m ] drunk , h
nter Macbeth . Macb . Who 's there ? what hoa ? Lady . Alack , I am afraid they haue awak 'd , And '
 done the deed : Didst thou not heare a noyse ? Lady . I heard the Owle schreame , and the Crickets 
ickets cry . Did not you speake ? Macb . When ? Lady . Now Macb . As I descended ? Lady . I Macb . H
acb . When ? Lady . Now Macb . As I descended ? Lady . I Macb . Hearke , who lyes i'th ' second Cham
acb . Hearke , who lyes i'th ' second Chamber ? Lady . Donalbaine Mac . This is a sorry sight Lady .
? Lady . Donalbaine Mac . This is a sorry sight Lady . A foolish thought , to say a sorry sight Macb
eir Prayers , And addrest them againe to sleepe Lady . There are two lodg 'd together Macb . One cry
 not say Amen , When they did say God blesse vs Lady . Consider it not so deepely Mac . But wherefor
 need of Blessing , and Amen stuck in my throat Lady . These deeds must not be thought After these w
cond Course , Chiefe nourisher in Life 's Feast Lady . What doe you meane ? Macb . Still it cry 'd ,
l sleepe no more : Macbeth shall sleepe no more Lady . Who was it , that thus cry 'd ? why worthy Th
t I haue done : Looke o n't againe , I dare not Lady . Infirme of purpose : Giue me the Daggers : th
arnardine , Making the Greene one , Red . Enter Lady . Lady . My Hands are of your colour : but I sh
em is beautiful to her . Where are you off to , lady ? for I see you , You splash in the water there
tion ? or to fill a gentleman 's leisure , or a lady 's leisure ? Have you reckon 'd that the landsc
 , Forty years as a pageant , till unawares the lady of this teeming and turbulent city , Sleepless 
hing now besides powder and wadding . ) And you lady of ships , you Mannahatta , Old matron of this 
rmed , watching with vigilant eyes , ) Calmly a lady walk 'd holding a little innocent child by eith
he voice , the words , Resumed , the large calm lady walks the narrow aisle , The wailing melody aga
g light the torrents of her joy . ( The teeming lady comes , The lustrious orb , Venus contralto , t

Samples for 'litter':
en them again . They were sitting in a sort of litter on the hillside ; all the things they had hurr
ave we fallen just here ? '' He blinked at the litter around him , and recovered his own very clumsy
mistress crossed the hall . `` What a terrible litter ! '' said she , `` you are making here -- why 
on them . '' Jem , as he was sweeping away the litter , when he heard these last words , said to him
like manner as many plants in England are with litter from the stable . These strawberries are usual
 sound as of fifty elephants stirring in their litter . Meanwhile the boat was still booming through
 belfry . The harpoon , too ! -- toss over the litter there , -- d 'ye see it ? -- the forged iron ,
is more dangerous then he . We heare two Lyons litter 'd in one day , And I the elder and more terri
y of rous 'd mobs , The flap of the curtain 'd litter , a sick man inside borne to the hospital , Th
e-sill , the chickadee , the prairie-dog , The litter of the grunting sow as they tug at her teats ,
e soothe of waves , Black and impassive guns , litter of powder-parcels , strong scent , A few large
he Third-month lambs and the sow 's pink-faint litter , and the mare 's foal and the cow 's calf , A

Samples for 'art':
 a little room -- Miss Woodhouse , you have the art of giving pictures in a few words . Exquisite ,
n of Harriet . He praised her for being without art or affectation , for having simple , honest , g
e was a clever young woman , who understood the art of pleasing -- the art of pleasing , at least ,
man , who understood the art of pleasing -- the art of pleasing , at least , at Kellynch Hall ; and
now submit to feel that another lesson , in the art of knowing our own nothingness beyond our own c
hanged him now , ( and nothing but the blackest art employed against me can have done it ) , I was 
 '' `` And yet this woman -- who knows what her art may have been ? -- how long it may have been pr
od called unto Adam , and said unto him , Where art thou ? 3:10 And he said , I heard thy voice in 
he serpent , Because thou hast done this , thou art cursed above all cattle , and above every beast
; for out of it wast thou taken : for dust thou art , and unto dust shalt thou return . 3:20 And Ad
ce fell . 4:6 And the LORD said unto Cain , Why art thou wroth ? and why is thy countenance fallen 
d crieth unto me from the ground . 4:11 And now art thou cursed from the earth , which hath opened 
 Sarai his wife , Behold now , I know that thou art a fair woman to look upon : 12:12 Therefore it 
ave thee alive . 12:13 Say , I pray thee , thou art my sister : that it may be well with me for thy
thine eyes , and look from the place where thou art northward , and southward , and eastward , and 
angel of the LORD said unto her , Behold , thou art with child and shalt bear a son , and shalt cal
 to thy seed after thee , the land wherein thou art a stranger , all the land of Canaan , for an ev
ream by night , and said to him , Behold , thou art but a dead man , for the woman which thou hast 
saying unto him , 23:6 Hear us , my lord : thou art a mighty prince among us : in the choice of our
eight of gold ; 24:23 And said , Whose daughter art thou ? tell me , I pray thee : is there room in
:47 And I asked her , and said , Whose daughter art thou ? And she said , the daughter of Bethuel ,
they blessed Rebekah , and said unto her , Thou art our sister , be thou the mother of thousands of
imelech said unto Isaac , Go from us ; for thou art much mightier than we . 26:17 And Isaac departe
 good , and have sent thee away in peace : thou art now the blessed of the LORD . 26:30 And he made
aid , My father : and he said , Here am I ; who art thou , my son ? 27:19 And Jacob said unto his f
hands : so he blessed him . 27:24 And he said , Art thou my very son Esau ? And he said , I am . 27
 27:32 And Isaac his father said unto him , Who art thou ? And he said , I am thy son , thy firstbo
 that thou mayest inherit the land wherein thou art a stranger , which God gave unto Abraham . 28:5
ngs . 29:14 And Laban said to him , Surely thou art my bone and my flesh . And he abode with him th
 29:15 And Laban said unto Jacob , Because thou art my brother , shouldest thou therefore serve me 
meeteth thee , and asketh thee , saying , Whose art thou ? and whither goest thou ? and whose are t
 back any thing from me but thee , because thou art his wife : how then can I do this great wickedn
night in disguise . THE SICK ROSE O rose , thou art sick ! The invisible worm , That flies in the n
as brushed away . Am not I A fly like thee ? Or art not thou A man like me ? For I dance And drink 
are seize the fire ? And what shoulder and what art Could twist the sinews of thy heart ? And , whe
his airy throne and answerd thus . Then if thou art the food of worms , O virgin of the skies , How
stonish 'd view 'd the Worm upon its dewy bed . Art thou a Worm ? image of weakness . art thou but 
ewy bed . Art thou a Worm ? image of weakness . art thou but a Worm ? I see thee like an infant wra
, Teach me to lean on Thee , and feel That Thou art very near , That no temptation is unseen , No c
. The king on the throne looked at him . `` Who art thou , and what dost thou here ? '' he asked . 
r , and had asked him the one question , '' Who art thou ? '' And each time that he asked it his ey
he had done before , and said , softly , `` Who art thou ? '' Robert of Sicily bowed his head . `` 
 single string , -- '' I am an angel , and thou art the king ! '' Then Robert of Sicily was alone .
' But Saul looked at David , and said , `` Thou art not able to go against this Philistine , to fig
 this Philistine , to fight with him , for thou art but a youth , and he has been a man of war from
hadow of death , I will fear no evil : for thou art with me ; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me
ay . `` No , we beat them in the great military art of running away , '' returned the other . `` Th
ions are mild insanities . When Italy is mad on art the Church seems too Puritanical ; when England
ortable classical pictures and medallions . The art in his home contained nothing between the two e
hoed his own visions of pontifical or chivalric art as this white dome sitting like a vast silver t
ther he was a great aristocrat who had taken up Art , or a great artist whom the aristocrats had ta
n . Asked about its outline , he said he was no art critic -- with a somewhat too obvious sneer at 
fe for myself , I paid for a few lessons at the Art Schools . I was coming back from them this even
Islands , '' said Brown , '' that he learnt the art of cookery . '' And he ran his eyes over the st
of Tory Democracy , and as the great dabbler in art , music , literature , and , above all , acting
boys together . Science announced nonentity and art admired decay ; The world was old and ended : b
 of a speculative builder , faintly tinged with art , who called its architecture sometimes Elizabe
ough it never in any definable way produced any art . But although its pretensions to be an intelle
r artists , but as a frail but finished work of art . A man who stepped into its social atmosphere 
 it . He put the old cant of the lawlessness of art and the art of lawlessness with a certain impud
 the old cant of the lawlessness of art and the art of lawlessness with a certain impudent freshnes
 a hat and nothing else . His father cultivated art and self-realisation ; his mother went in for s
s not sufficiently on his guard , had often the art of drawing him into conversation about his visi
ing he one minute dreaded as the masterpiece of art , and the next despised as the characteristic o
ty of telling him several things about the lost art of painting on glass , Gothic arches , etc. , w
ually visible ; and she appeared to possess the art of being present in all these places at once . 
rt a time Francisco had applied himself to this art , and what slight instructions he had received 
m . If you will give him some knowledge of your art , I will , as far as money can recompense you f
LET . `` Which to secure , no skill of leach 's art Mote him availle , but to returne againe To his
 WALLER 'S BATTLE OF THE SUMMER ISLANDS . `` By art is created that great Leviathan , called a Comm
se straps in the first howling gale , when thou art driven , straps , buttons , and all , down the 
ones of congregated blossoms . So omnipotent is art ; which in many a district of New Bedford has s
ping . '' `` Thou wast , wast thou ? I see thou art no Nantucketer -- ever been in a stove boat ? '
as speaking to the Captain himself . '' `` Thou art speaking to Captain Peleg -- that 's who ye are
it ? '' `` I do , sir . '' `` Very good . Now , art thou the man to pitch a harpoon down a live wha
 , or ten fathoms , I ca n't tell ; but as thou art still an impenitent man , Captain Peleg , I gre
of Captain Ahab ? It 's all right enough ; thou art shipped . '' `` Yes , but I should like to see 
rkness , '' he added , turning to Queequeg , `` art thou at present in communion with any Christian
`` Young man , '' said Bildad sternly , `` thou art skylarking with me -- explain thyself , thou yo
orget a hint , incidentally so important in his art , as the one now alluded to . But Ahab , my Cap
Whales are scarce as hen 's teeth whenever thou art up here . '' Perhaps they were ; or perhaps the
tarbuck ; wilt thou not chase the white whale ? art not game for Moby Dick ? '' `` I am game for hi
ll . Nor , in some historic instances , has the art of human malice omitted so potent an auxiliary 
f water between those grounds he could , by his art , so place and time himself on his way , as eve
it thyself , '' cried Gabriel to Ahab ; `` thou art soon going that way . '' `` Curses throttle the
ther , and often stand for each other . `` Thou art as a lion of the waters , and as a dragon of th
e are two , sir ; one will serve my turn . What art thou thrusting that thief-catcher into my face 
n extremely gentlemanlike sort of business thou art in here , carpenter ; -- or would'st thou rathe
o ditchers , sir . The fellow 's impious ! What art thou sneezing about ? Bone is rather dusty , si
ty , sir . Take the hint , then ; and when thou art dead , never bury thyself under living people '
oons . What cares Ahab ? Owners , owners ? Thou art always prating to me , Starbuck , about those m
gun to the rack , he went to the deck . `` Thou art but too good a fellow , Starbuck , '' he said l
 and the earth , and a mystical treatise on the art of attaining truth ; so that Queequeg in his ow
r greatest monuments of fame And strength , and art , are easily outdone By Spirits reprobate , and
rom the lake , a second multitude With wondrous art founded the massy ore , Severing each kind , an
n lustre , gems and gold ; Nor want we skill or art from whence to raise Magnificence ; and what ca
he arrive The happy Isle ? What strength , what art , can then Suffice , or what evasion bear him s
l look thus first began : -- `` Whence and what art thou , execrable Shape , That dar'st , though g
om the Goblin , full of wrath , replied : -- '' Art thou that traitor Angel ? art thou he , Who fir
, replied : -- '' Art thou that traitor Angel ? art thou he , Who first broke peace in Heaven and f
nds , till first I know of thee What thing thou art , thus double-formed , and why , In this infern
 mine own brood , that on my bowels feed ? Thou art my father , thou my author , thou My being gav'
Answered : `` I know thee , stranger , who thou art -- * * * That mighty leading Angel , who of lat
thee far , That far be from thee , Father , who art judge Of all things made , and judgest only rig
 hath chief delight , Son of my bosom , Son who art alone . My word , my wisdom , and effectual mig
ave sought , In vain , though by their powerful art they bind Volatile Hermes , and call up unbound
 's high throne , gloriously bright , The first art wont his great authentick will Interpreter thro
here all his sons thy embassy attend ; And here art likeliest by supreme decree Like honour to obta
 needs no account ; But rather to tell how , if Art could tell , How from that sapphire fount the c
fed Flowers worthy of Paradise , which not nice Art In beds and curious knots , but Nature boon Pou
 , and thy soft embraces , he 'Whose image thou art ; him thou shalt enjoy 'Inseparably thine , to 
om flyest thou ? whom thou flyest , of him thou art , 'His flesh , his bone ; to give thee being I 
se at the ear of Eve , Assaying by his devilish art to reach The organs of her fancy , and with the
read thy lot in yon celestial sign ; Where thou art weighed , and shown how light , how weak , If t
ck Eve ! 'Partake thou also ; happy though thou art , 'Happier thou mayest be , worthier canst not 
s pouring forth more sweet , Wild above rule or art , enormous bliss . Him through the spicy forest
e answered mild . Adam , I therefore came ; nor art thou such Created , or such place hast here to 
 . Son of Heaven and Earth , Attend ! That thou art happy , owe to God ; That thou continuest such 
 signe Of your Profession ? Speake , what Trade art thou ? Car . Why Sir , a Carpenter Mur . Where 
s you would say , a Cobler Mur . But what Trade art thou ? Answer me directly Cob . A Trade Sir , t
y Fellow ? Cob . Why sir , Cobble you Fla. Thou art a Cobler , art thou ? Cob . Truly sir , all tha
. Why sir , Cobble you Fla. Thou art a Cobler , art thou ? Cob . Truly sir , all that I liue by , i
ue gone vpon my handy-worke Fla . But wherefore art not in thy Shop to day ? Why do'st thou leade t
feede , That he is growne so great ? Age , thou art sham 'd . Rome , thou hast lost the breed of No
of the World . Exit Brutus . Well Brutus , thou art Noble : yet I see , Thy Honorable Mettle may be
 : How hard it is for women to keepe counsell . Art thou heere yet ? Luc . Madam , what should I do
 March are come Sooth . I Caesar , but not gone Art . Haile Caesar : Read this Scedule Deci . Trebo
 ( At your best leysure ) this his humble suite Art . O Caesar , reade mine first : for mine 's a s
hat touches vs our selfe , shall be last seru'd Art . Delay not Caesar , read it instantly Caes Wha
 am meeke and gentle with these Butchers . Thou art the Ruines of the Noblest man That euer liued i
eians . Ant . Now let it worke : Mischeefe thou art a-foot , Take thou what course thou wilt . How 
all in question our necessities Cass . Portia , art thou gone ? Bru . No more I pray you . Messala 
 shold indure Cassi . I haue as much of this in Art as you , But yet my Nature could not beare it s
 drowsily ? Poore knaue I blame thee not , thou art ore-watch 'd . Call Claudio , and some other of
oes my Boy : I trouble thee too much , but thou art willing Luc . It is my duty Sir Brut . I should
 this monstrous Apparition . It comes vpon me : Art thou any thing ? Art thou some God , some Angel
ition . It comes vpon me : Art thou any thing ? Art thou some God , some Angell , or some Diuell , 
nd my haire to stare ? Speake to me , what thou art Ghost . Thy euill Spirit Brutus ? Bru . Why com
't is now , Guide thou the Sword- Caesar , thou art reueng 'd , Euen with the Sword that kill 'd th
that engendred thee Tit . What Pindarus ? Where art thou Pindarus ? Messa . Seeke him Titinius , wh
ato . He is slaine Bru . O Iulius Caesar , thou art mighty yet , Thy Spirit walkes abroad , and tur
now me for Brutus Luc . O yong and Noble Cato , art thou downe ? Why now thou dyest , as brauely as
I prythee Strato , stay thou by thy Lord , Thou art a Fellow of a good respect : Thy life hath had 
 figure , like the King that 's dead Mar . Thou art a Scholler ; speake to it Horatio Barn . Lookes
 spoke too Mar . Question it Horatio Hor . What art thou that vsurp'st this time of night , Togethe
s Mar . Is it not like the King ? Hor . As thou art to thy selfe , Such was the very Armour he had 
 ease , and grace to me ; speak to me . If thou art priuy to thy Countries Fate ( Which happily for
old Ham . Speake , I am bound to heare Gho . So art thou to reuenge , when thou shalt heare Ham . W
 the Stage . Ham . Ah ha boy , sayest thou so . Art thou there truepenny ? Come one you here this f
. But let that go Qu . More matter , with lesse Art Pol . Madam , I sweare I vse no Art at all : Th
 with lesse Art Pol . Madam , I sweare I vse no Art at all : That he is mad , 't is true : 'T is tr
sh figure , But farewell it : for I will vse no Art . Mad let vs grant him then : and now remaines 
phelia , I am ill at these Numbers : I haue not Art to reckon my grones ; but that I loue thee best
 ? The Harlots Cheeke beautied with plaist'ring Art Is not more vgly to the thing that helpes it , 
eet Lord , at your Seruice Ham . Horatio , thou art eene as iust a man As ere my Conuersation coap 
 ! Oh limed soule , that strugling to be free , Art more ingag 'd : Helpe Angels , make assay : Bow
little of his will . Tell me Laertes , Why thou art thus Incenst ? Let him go Gertrude . Speake man
you , And gaue you such a Masterly report , For Art and exercise in your defence ; And for your Rap
t out Laer . It is heere Hamlet . Hamlet , thou art slaine , No Medicine in the world can do thee g
rs , that doe cling together , And choake their Art : The mercilesse Macdonwald ( Worthie to be a R
As 'twere a carelesse Trifle King . There 's no Art , To finde the Mindes construction in the Face 
my Ingratitude euen now Was heauie on me . Thou art so farre before , That swiftest Wing of Recompe
 Lay it to thy heart and farewell . Glamys thou art , and Cawdor , and shalt be What thou art promi
 thou art , and Cawdor , and shalt be What thou art promis 'd : yet doe I feare thy Nature , It is 
atch the neerest way . Thou would'st be great , Art not without Ambition , but without The illnesse
ly ? From this time , Such I account thy loue . Art thou affear'd To be the same in thine owne Act 
e same in thine owne Act , and Valour , As thou art in desire ? Would'st thou haue that Which thou 
 : I haue thee not , and yet I see thee still . Art thou not fatall Vision , sensible To feeling , 
Vision , sensible To feeling , as to sight ? or art thou but A Dagger of the Minde , a false Creati
s throat is cut , that I did for him Mac . Thou art the best o'th ' Cut-throats , Yet hee 's good t
 the like for Fleans : If thou did'st it , thou art the Non-pareill Mur . Most Royall Sir Fleans is
 'd to beare my part , Or shew the glory of our Art ? And which is worse , all you haue done Hath b
e . Enough . He Descends . Macb . What ere thou art , for thy good caution , thanks Thou hast harp 
rt Throbs to know one thing : Tell me , if your Art Can tell so much : Shall Banquo 's issue euer R
 last , with a glasse in his hand . Macb . Thou art too like the Spirit of Banquo : Down : Thy Crow
ure : their malady conuinces The great assay of Art . But at his touch , Such sanctity hath Heauen 
Macbeths head . Macd . Haile King , for so thou art . Behold where stands Th ' Vsurpers cursed head
e hues and objects of the world , The fields of art and learning , pleasure , sense , To glean eido
in thy body , The only purport of the form thou art , the real I myself , An image , an eidolon . T
earnest , so given up to literature , science , art , amours ? These ostensible realities , politic
r , all falls aside but myself and it , Books , art , religion , time , the visible and solid earth
voice for far superber themes for poets and for art , To exalt the present and the real , To teach 
ppearest . Thou born to match the gale , ( thou art all wings , ) To cope with heaven and earth and
These eager business aims -- books , politics , art , amours , To utter nothingness ? } Thought Of 
and products . 3 Fecund America -- today , Thou art all over set in births and joys ! Thou groan'st
all-acceptress -- thou hospitable , ( thou only art hospitable as God is hospitable . ) 4 When late
nks of the running Missouri , praise nothing in art or aught else , Till it has well inhaled the at
y done , the journeyman come home , And man and art with Nature fused again . Tutti ! for earth and
se thy dream ! thy dream ! Centuries after thou art laid in thy grave , The shore thou foundest ver
sunset splendor of chivalry declining . And who art thou sad shade ? Gigantic , visionary , thyself
mprising science , to recast poems , churches , art , ( Recast , may-be discard them , end them -- 
st charged against my chants they had forgotten art ? To fuse within themselves its rules precise a
into the wordless , Away from books , away from art , the day erased , the lesson done , Thee fully
uedness , caprices , wilfulness ; Great as thou art above the rest , thy many tears -- a lack from 
 circling , comprehending , Thou , Washington , art all the world 's , the continents ' entire -- n
ss on the same. } The Voice of the Rain And who art thou ? said I to the soft-falling shower , Whic
 yet soft , companion better than talk , book , art , ( Thou hast , O Nature ! elements ! utterance
aply from endless store , God-sent , ( For thou art spiritual , Godly , most of all known to my sen
, what word has never told , and can not tell , Art thou not universal concrete 's distillation ? L

Samples for 'skyline':
ncircling strip of silver which ran round the skyline and separated the grey and green of the billo

Samples for 'accident':
hear of that ? -- A water party ; and by some accident she was falling overboard . He caught her . '
he others . '' By this time the report of the accident had spread among the workmen and boatmen abou
e on another subject . They must speak of the accident at Lyme . Lady Russell had not been arrived f
se , there was particular attention . The sad accident at Lyme was soon the prevailing topic , and o
Kellynch yesterday ( the first time since the accident ) , had brought Anne the last note , which sh
en a liking formerly , though convenience and accident had drawn him a different way ; and now that 
s leaving the place . Having alluded to `` an accident , '' he must hear the whole . When he questio
rse attending the first few days of Louisa 's accident , no sooner begun to feel himself alive again
and within a few yards of Marianne , when her accident happened . He put down his gun and ran to her
wed him to get out of doors ; and Marianne 's accident being related to him , he was eagerly asked w
 , and domestic comfort of the family to whom accident had now introduced him . Of their personal ch
 left by tempers so frank , to discover it by accident . Margaret related something to her the next 
 were gone . `` It might have been a very sad accident . '' `` Yet I hardly know how , '' cried Mari
em up again as quickly as she could , for the accident of the goldfish kept running in her head , an
very diligently to write out a history of the accident , all except the Lizard , who seemed too much
een . Our Lady had gone and left the stars by accident . His private tradition was equally wild and 
a blaze of old world beauty , for it was , by accident , a shop not unbeautiful in itself . The fron
g about the shop , had its main source in the accident of two doors standing open , the front door t
e found your way , gentlemen , by a beautiful accident , to the house of the only man in England ( p
t , fell over the chauffeur , and , either by accident or design , kicked him as he lay . The drunka
an his clothes , as if he had caught it up by accident . It needed the full shock of the huge shadow
ver meant to keep you waiting ; but the silly accident that has landed us in your garden may have so
ill accept my assurance that the thing was an accident and that no intrusion was meant . '' `` Oh , 
of envelope , should none of them be right by accident , that ca n't be a coincidence . It was n't .
o so perpetually missed meeting each other by accident that they began to feel quite frightened of e
And yet I was saved that very night by a pure accident . Arthur had gone off suddenly to London , as
 he caught him by the throat and flung him by accident or design , into the sea . A second Spaniard 
se ; and no doubt , as you would put it , any accident happening to this Cornish family would be con
d , or whether she came accidentally upon the accident and their intimacy began that night , we shal
n the Catacombs . But if , by some incredible accident , there were here tonight a man who all his l
odern lawlessness had been crowned also by an accident . It happened that he was walking in a side s
. Either by anonymous poison or sudden street accident , by hypnotism or by fire from hell , Sunday 
o assert that the whole following had been an accident . Syme was galvanised with an energy that was
t find the Professor out , if by some serious accident the Professor should find him out . He emptie
lected the flaming lamps irregularly , and by accident , like fragments of some other and fallen wor
d . `` You can find good English inns left by accident everywhere , like fossils , '' explained the 
ouldered man in tweeds , not odd save for the accident of his ugly spectacles , not glaring or grinn
y seen ; but far enough in front to catch the accident of the evening light was stalking up and down
is so bad , that we can not but think good an accident ; good is so good , that we feel certain that
ver he thought proper ; and , if he should by accident be called for by his mistress after supper , 
ould be able to conceal the true cause of the accident . `` Do n't you tell Mrs. Pomfret where you f
a basket of rolls on his head passed , and by accident one of the rolls fell close to the little gir
hispered Rosamond ; `` but only if you did by accident -- you know what I mean -- I should not be an
m '' -- hesitating -- '' miss pulled , and by accident -- I believe , I saw , ma'am -- miss , you kn
might , or any of us might , have had such an accident as that . I suppose he paid the gentleman for
wing weeds and rubbish over the wall , and by accident a great lump of couch-grass , with stones han
convinced that all this must be owing to some accident or mistake . He could not believe that anyone
said Maurice ; `` but somebody ( I suppose by accident ) broke it . '' `` Somebody ! who ? '' cried 
ow . He does not know me now , sir , since my accident , because of this great black patch . '' The 
ered with a huge black patch . Ben asked what ACCIDENT he meant ; and the lad told him that , but a 
 work so well now , as I used to do before my accident , for my old mother , who has had a STROKE of
adyship's uniform habit was a sufferer by the accident . `` Careless brat ! '' said she , '' why ca 
xation to give an intelligible account of his accident to his uncle and Patty , who anxiously inquir
e of his books , which had been left about by accident . It is impossible to describe the impatience
h alarmed for the first ten minutes after her accident to think of anything ; but after some time , 
 inferred as much from the simple fact of the accident . '' `` Look ye now , young man , thy lungs a
tacked ; therefore it was , that those who by accident ignorantly gave battle to Moby Dick ; such hu
ion . See that amazing lower lip , pressed by accident against the vessel 's side , so as firmly to 
the fragrant sperm ; when all at once a queer accident happened . Whether it was that Tashtego , tha
ome one 's falling into a cistern ashore ; an accident which not seldom happens , and with much less
at the Sperm Whale is far less liable to this accident than any other species . Where one of that so
nt for Hamlet hither , That he , as 'twere by accident , may there Affront Ophelia . Her Father , an
ament ; Greefe ioyes , Ioy greeues on slender accident . This world is not for aye , nor 't is not s
her shall vncharge the practice , And call it accident : Some two Monthes hence Here was a Gentleman

Samples for 'liquor':
erry tells me that Mr. Cole never touches malt liquor . You would not think it to look at him , but 
n ever . She began to think that be must be in liquor ; -- the strangeness of such a visit , and of 
r of strong drink , neither shall he drink any liquor of grapes , nor eat moist grapes , or dried . 
vel is like a round goblet , which wanteth not liquor : thy belly is like an heap of wheat set about
ot avoid seeing Felix drinking a bumper of red liquor , which he could not help suspecting to be win
 or on the weather side of an ice-island . The liquor soon mounted into their heads , as it generall
o , get thee to Yaughan , fetch me a stoupe of Liquor . Sings . In youth when I did loue , did loue 
n Antike Roman then a Dane : Heere 's yet some Liquor left Ham . As th'art a man , giue me the Cup .

Samples for 'terribly':
 her five children -- '' How long it is , how terribly long since you were here ! And how tired you 
o much zeal and so little knowledge as seemed terribly like a would-be lover , and made it some effo
ory of his majesty , when he ariseth to shake terribly the earth . 2:20 In that day a man shall cast
ory of his majesty , when he ariseth to shake terribly the earth . 2:22 Cease ye from man , whose br
 his preparation , and the fir trees shall be terribly shaken . 2:4 The chariots shall rage in the s
ing to the beach , and into the surf . He was terribly angry . He braced himself with all his might 
hers , over his head , into his eyes . It was terribly uncomfortable . The little Half-Chick cried o
le of the pond . At the splash the Frogs were terribly frightened , and dived into their holes to hi
h again on such soil , and that it would make terribly hard weeding . He was not going to have any s
felt that he must have . The ring annoyed him terribly ; it was embarrassing for a king to have a dr
 Help '' -- and it was very faint and sounded terribly frightened . He waited a minute or two , but 
she tried hard to whistle to it ; but she was terribly frightened all the time at the thought that i
oked larger than human ears . He was enlarged terribly to scale ; and this sense of size was so stag
n the English constabulary , but the face was terribly pale . `` I am Inspector Ratcliffe , '' he sa
ipped out of its sheath , trailed him kicking terribly for twenty yards , and left him flung flat up
d stamped and roared , and the bees stung her terribly . Her arms and her face swelled in a frightfu
nt she uttered this falsehood she squeezed it terribly . `` Why do you squeeze my hand so ? '' said 
er bell rang . Poor little Patty 's ankle was terribly strained , and Hal reproached himself for his
s measured without . '' Piedro changed colour terribly , and seizing hold of the tin box , endeavour
s earthly air , whether ashore or afloat , is terribly infected with the nameless miseries of the nu

Samples for 'sick':
. Perry had been to Mrs. Goddard 's to attend a sick child , and Miss Nash had seen him , and he had
 , Emma had a charitable visit to pay to a poor sick family , who lived a little way out of Highbury
ether , as she does about Jane Fairfax . One is sick of the very name of Jane Fairfax . Every letter
 of Randalls to procure it . Her mind was quite sick of Mr. Elton and the Martins . The refreshment 
, and Frank Churchill was forgotten . Emma grew sick at the sound . She had had three weeks of happy
hatever your penetrating eyes may fancy -- I am sick of England -- and would leave it to-morrow , if
leave it to-morrow , if I could . '' `` You are sick of prosperity and indulgence . Can not you inve
yourself , and be contented to stay ? '' `` _I_ sick of prosperity and indulgence ! You are quite mi
 made her . Do not pity me till I saw her wan , sick looks. -- I reached Highbury at the time of day
 sweet things , that they are sure to come back sick and cross for the rest of the day . '' And Mrs 
 be left to shift by ourselves , with this poor sick child ; and not a creature coming near us all t
ot belong to a man ; it is not his province . A sick child is always the mother 's property : her ow
hould be left at home by herself , to nurse our sick child . '' Anne was now at hand to take up her 
y ; and as his aunt would not let him tease his sick brother , he began to fasten himself upon her ,
lmost before it had seemed possible . They were sick with horror , while he examined ; but he was no
and all the sacrifices that ennoble us most . A sick chamber may often furnish the worth of volumes 
weakness and not its strength that appears in a sick chamber : it is selfishness and impatience rath
compassionate visits to this old schoolfellow , sick and reduced , seemed to have quite delighted Mr
 Anne , wearied of such a state of stagnation , sick of knowing nothing , and fancying herself stron
ar . `` I wish I had any name but Elliot . I am sick of it . The name of Walter I can drop , thank G
d out to be no such thing . My mother was quite sick of it . Her income was not her own , she said ,
n and his wife to the constant confinement of a sick chamber , merely because he chanced to complain
ings therefore attending her up stairs into the sick chamber , to satisfy herself that all continued
rney back , for the better accommodation of her sick child ; and the Colonel , at the joint invitati
, that one told Joseph , Behold , thy father is sick : and he took with him his two sons , Manasseh 
is defiled therewith ; 15:33 And of her that is sick of her flowers , and of him that hath an issue 
ent messengers to take David , she said , He is sick . 19:15 And Saul sent the messengers again to s
aster left me , because three days agone I fell sick . 30:14 We made an invasion upon the south of t
Uriah 's wife bare unto David , and it was very sick . 12:16 David therefore besought God for the ch
er . 13:2 And Amnon was so vexed , that he fell sick for his sister Tamar ; for she was a virgin ; a
m , Lay thee down on thy bed , and make thyself sick : and when thy father cometh to see thee , say 
and . 13:6 So Amnon lay down , and made himself sick : and when the king was come to see him , Amnon
:1 At that time Abijah the son of Jeroboam fell sick . 14:2 And Jeroboam said to his wife , Arise , 
 to ask a thing of thee for her son ; for he is sick : thus and thus shalt thou say unto her : for i
of the woman , the mistress of the house , fell sick ; and his sickness was so sore , that there was
his upper chamber that was in Samaria , and was sick : and he sent messengers , and said unto them ,
o Damascus ; and Benhadad the king of Syria was sick ; and it was told him , saying , The man of God
ram the son of Ahab in Jezreel , because he was sick . 9:1 And Elisha the prophet called one of the 
e kings of Israel . 13:14 Now Elisha was fallen sick of his sickness whereof he died . And Joash the
 in his stead . 20:1 In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death . And the prophet Isaiah the son of 
ekiah : for he had heard that Hezekiah had been sick . 20:13 And Hezekiah hearkened unto them , and 
ram the son of Ahab at Jezreel , because he was sick . 22:7 And the destruction of Ahaziah was of Go
 thenceforth . 32:24 In those days Hezekiah was sick to the death , and prayed unto the LORD : and h
hy is thy countenance sad , seeing thou art not sick ? this is nothing else but sorrow of heart . Th
 my soul . 35:13 But as for me , when they were sick , my clothing was sackcloth : I humbled my soul
increase . 13:12 Hope deferred maketh the heart sick : but when the desire cometh , it is a tree of 
ve stricken me , shalt thou say , and I was not sick ; they have beaten me , and I felt it not : whe
ith flagons , comfort me with apples : for I am sick of love . 2:6 His left hand is under my head , 
 find my beloved , that ye tell him , that I am sick of love . 5:9 What is thy beloved more than ano
y , And your winter and night in disguise . THE SICK ROSE O rose , thou art sick ! The invisible wor
t in disguise . THE SICK ROSE O rose , thou art sick ! The invisible worm , That flies in the night 
of Justice free , but strangely shaken , like a sick man . Any punishment of suppression he would ha
er . Talk about love , then , till the world is sick of the word . But do n't you talk about Christi
s of all the virtuous Pagans until humanity was sick of the subject . No , if you really want to kno
cried Turnbull , in agony . `` I want you to be sick when you think of my name . I am sure there is 
ething in Turnbull made him want suddenly to be sick on the grass ; the mere healthy and heathen hor
gy in this idiot attitude gave Turnbull another sick turn . He had grown to tolerate those dreary an
or us at Bradford . Besides , old Soap-Suds was sick enough at not getting his peerage last year ; h
a tune in the railway wheels , or saw them as a sick man sees the pattern of his wall-paper . No one
 a gesture almost peculiar to the soothing of a sick child , and said : `` It was a burglar . Obviou
of men , and wailing went the weather , Yea , a sick cloud upon the soul when we were boys together 
 say that it is poetical to be sea-sick . Being sick is a revolt . Both being sick and being rebelli
 sea-sick . Being sick is a revolt . Both being sick and being rebellious may be the wholesome thing
e most poetical thing in the world is not being sick . '' `` Really , '' said Gregory superciliously
tty brutal business . I tell you I am sometimes sick of my trade when I see how perpetually it means
everal years ; but , alas ! one autumn she fell sick , and , during her illness , everything went wr
in an odd way , too . You must know my Betty is sick , so I came with the milk myself , though it 's
of the May this year , you were sitting in your sick mother 's room . Your mother has a little colou
the cake for you . Take it ; for it has made me sick , and I do n't care what becomes of it . '' Ben
et . `` I 'm beginning to be exceeding tired or sick or something , '' said Hal ; '' and as there is
oo much for me to walk so far , though I am not sick with eating good things . '' `` THE CATHEDRAL !
f it this morning upon those cakes that made me sick . I wish I had my shilling now , I 'd give it t
wed eel . Fred . Used , ma'am , used ! But I 'm sick of stewed eels . You would tire one of anything
E her nephew 's visits , as he had made himself sick at his house , and Mrs. Barbara 's fears for hi
but he keeps close inside the house ; a sort of sick , and yet he do n't look so . In fact , he ain'
 and yet he do n't look so . In fact , he ain't sick ; but no , he is n't well either . Any how , yo
m yet , have ye ? '' `` No , we hav'n't . He 's sick they say , but is getting better , and will be 
 down with ye , I 'll keep ye there till ye 're sick of it . Down ye go . ' `` 'Shall we ? ' cried t
 an essence found in the inglorious bowels of a sick whale ! Yet so it is . By some , ambergris is s
 Young , Pascal , Rousseau , poor devils all of sick men ; and throughout a care-free lifetime swear
, as if in a dream . Pip was led away , and the sick man was replaced in his hammock . But now that 
nce between savage and civilized ; that while a sick , civilized man may be six months convalescing 
ix months convalescing , generally speaking , a sick savage is almost half-well again in a day . So 
 tossing , deep the groans ; Despair Tended the sick busiest from couch to couch ; And over them tri
 you Macb . Take thy face hence . Seyton , I am sick at hart , When I behold : Seyton , I say , this
'd mobs , The flap of the curtain 'd litter , a sick man inside borne to the hospital , The meeting 
 disjointed friendship , the faint tones of the sick , The judge with hands tight to the desk , his 
k and weep for their sins , They do not make me sick discussing their duty to God , Not one is dissa
How the silent old-faced infants and the lifted sick , and the sharp-lipp 'd unshaved men ; All this
ll you is so . 41 I am he bringing help for the sick as they pant on their backs , And for strong up
d dissatisfied at night , Who knew too well the sick , sick dread lest the one he lov 'd might secre
tisfied at night , Who knew too well the sick , sick dread lest the one he lov 'd might secretly be 
ble , dissatisfied , Desperate , proud , fond , sick , accepted by men , rejected by men , They go !
nues , hospitals for orphans or for the poor or sick , Manhattan steamboats and clippers taking the 
houts , crash of falling buildings , Was not so sick from the blood in the gutters running , nor fro
f leaves . O darkness ! O in vain ! O I am very sick and sorrowful O brown halo in the sky near the 
oom , How soon unaccountable I became tired and sick , Till rising and gliding out I wander 'd off b
! Perhaps every mite has once form 'd part of a sick person -- yet behold ! The grass of spring cove
reat speakers and writers are exiled , they lie sick in distant lands , The cause is asleep , the st
old , sorrowful , young children , widows , the sick , and to shunn 'd persons , All self-denial tha
 , boy or girl , led forward to be taught , The sick cared for , the shoeless shod , the orphan fath
eat any time after to-day , The stammerer , the sick , the perfect-form 'd , the homely , The crimin
on , the insane becomes sane , the suffering of sick persons is reliev 'd , The sweatings and fevers
and confidence , you smile , You forget you are sick , as I forget you are sick , You do not see the
, You forget you are sick , as I forget you are sick , You do not see the medicines , you do not min
nd stars , Love , that is crimson , sumptuous , sick with perfume , No other words but words of love
} As I Sit Writing Here As I sit writing here , sick and grown old , Not my least burden is that dul
freshing , gently vitalizing Me , old , alone , sick , weak-down , melted-worn with sweat ; Thou , n

Samples for 'pretty':
ways curtseys and asks me how I do , in a very pretty manner ; and when you have had her here to do 
y the bye -- I have not wished you joy . Being pretty well aware of what sort of joy you must both b
y without any claim to it . You have drawn two pretty pictures ; but I think there may be a third --
oing him a service . '' `` Mr. Elton is a very pretty young man , to be sure , and a very good young
been at school there with her . She was a very pretty girl , and her beauty happened to be of a sort
lderneys , and one a little Welch cow , a very pretty little Welch cow indeed ; and of Mrs. Martin '
 . '' `` You understand the force of influence pretty well , Harriet ; but I would have you so firml
 Harriet rather solemnly . `` But there may be pretty good guessing . He will be a completely gross 
ll ; I shall not attempt to deny Emma 's being pretty . '' `` Pretty ! say beautiful rather . Can yo
t attempt to deny Emma 's being pretty . '' `` Pretty ! say beautiful rather . Can you imagine any t
 oh ! what a bloom of full health , and such a pretty height and size ; such a firm and upright figu
s admiration by agreeable hints , she was soon pretty confident of creating as much liking on Harrie
ood . Then here is my last , '' -- unclosing a pretty sketch of a gentleman in small size , whole-le
d great confidence of its being in every way a pretty drawing at last , and of its filling its desti
mith 's . Exactly so indeed ! '' `` It is very pretty , '' said Mr. Woodhouse . `` So prettily done 
 could endure as a principal . I come in for a pretty good share as a second . But it is his gratitu
 have the assurance to ask it . He must have a pretty good opinion of himself . '' `` I do not think
eauty as you do , '' said he ; `` but she is a pretty little creature , and I am inclined to think v
y ever to have any that can avail her . She is pretty , and she is good tempered , and that is all .
pposing her to be , as you describe her , only pretty and good-natured , let me tell you , that in t
arriage flow in so fast , though she is a very pretty girl . Men of sense , whatever you may chuse t
memory and taste ; and as Harriet wrote a very pretty hand , it was likely to be an arrangement of t
 , and all _appropriation_ ceases , and a very pretty gallant charade remains , fit for any collecti
we suppose , by a fairy ) -- containing a very pretty charade , and we have just copied it in . '' S
true . ` Woman , lovely woman . ' It is such a pretty charade , my dear , that I can easily guess wh
few years before , Anne Elliot had been a very pretty girl , but her bloom had vanished early ; and 
nd tenant . Your interest , Sir Walter , is in pretty safe hands . Depend upon me for taking care th
cular inquiries , and had , in the course of a pretty long conference , expressed as strong an incli
pirit , and brilliancy ; and Anne an extremely pretty girl , with gentleness , modesty , taste , and
erits , can never have been reckoned tolerably pretty , I really think poor Mrs Clay may be staying 
 '' She was now lying on the faded sofa of the pretty little drawing-room , the once elegant furnitu
 had every advantage , their faces were rather pretty , their spirits extremely good , their manner 
from Mary , of -- '' Upon my word , I shall be pretty well off , when you are all gone away to be ha
an old thing they had given you . '' `` I knew pretty well what she was before that day ; '' said he
ma'am ! '' said Mrs Musgrove to Mrs Croft . `` Pretty well , ma'am in the fifteen years of my marria
 ; whenever my uncle dies , he steps into very pretty property . The estate at Winthrop is not less 
 '' `` Well , and I had heard of you as a very pretty girl , and what were we to wait for besides ? 
 excellent accommodations , and fashioned very pretty shelves , for a tolerable collection of well-b
king remarkably well ; her very regular , very pretty features , having the bloom and freshness of y
Mrs Wallis ; she was said to be an excessively pretty woman , beautiful . `` He longed to see her . 
en . He did not mean to say that there were no pretty women , but the number of the plain was out of
hing , very becomingly shewed to Mr Elliot the pretty features which he had by no means forgotten , 
unhappiness to sour his mind , nor ( she began pretty soon to suspect ) to prevent his thinking of a
g Mrs Wallis of Marlborough Buildings ; a mere pretty , silly , expensive , fashionable woman , I be
write , and beg him to come to Bath . Here are pretty girls enough , I am sure . It would be of no u
an she ever was in company with . '' `` She is pretty , I think ; Anne Elliot ; very pretty , when o
` She is pretty , I think ; Anne Elliot ; very pretty , when one comes to look at her . It is not th
t of character ; but Colonel Wallis has a very pretty silly wife , to whom he tells things which he 
ove , and were at the White Hart . So much was pretty soon understood ; but till Sir Walter and Eliz
er was quite wild about it , and Henrietta was pretty near as bad ; and so we thought they had bette
ge at Barton . The Miss Dashwoods were young , pretty , and unaffected . It was enough to secure his
 opinion ; for to be unaffected was all that a pretty girl could want to make her mind as captivatin
always anxious to get a good husband for every pretty girl . The immediate advantage to herself was 
hing I can tell you , Miss Dashwood ; he has a pretty little estate of his own in Somersetshire besi
mplexion , regular features , and a remarkably pretty figure . Marianne was still handsomer . Her fo
hem , '' for ONE morning I think you have done pretty well . You have already ascertained Mr. Willou
use , I assure you. -- There is one remarkably pretty sitting room up stairs ; of a nice comfortable
o . It is only the Palmers . Charlotte is very pretty , I can tell you . You may see her if you look
respect . She was short and plump , had a very pretty face , and the finest expression of good humou
 . `` Now , Palmer , you shall see a monstrous pretty girl . '' He immediately went into the passage
 was at his house ; but they say it is a sweet pretty place . '' `` As vile a spot as I ever saw in 
'' then it must be some other place that is so pretty I suppose . '' When they were seated in the di
 I hear , and mama sends me word they are very pretty , and that one of them is going to be married 
 assure you ; for I think you both excessively pretty , and so does Mr. Palmer too I am sure , thoug
ink how you will like them . Lucy is monstrous pretty , and so good humoured and agreeable ! The chi
ledged considerable beauty ; her features were pretty , and she had a sharp quick eye , and a smartn
rd 's love for me , '' said Lucy , `` has been pretty well put to the test , by our long , very long
' `` All this , '' thought Elinor , `` is very pretty ; but it can impose upon neither of us . '' ``
I dare say Lucy 's beau is quite as modest and pretty behaved as Miss Dashwood 's . '' Elinor blushe
. Palmer , whose eye was caught by every thing pretty , expensive , or new ; who was wild to buy all
t tired : and to say the truth it was not very pretty of him not to give you the meeting when he was
 man in the world worth having ; and with your pretty face you will never want admirers . Well , poo
est thing to me , that a man should use such a pretty girl so ill ! But when there is plenty of mone
n , be who he will , comes and makes love to a pretty girl , and promises marriage , he has no busin
e is of age and may choose for herself ; and a pretty choice she has made ! -- What now , '' after p
ow , Seek your cradle narrow , Near my bosom . Pretty , pretty robin ! Under leaves so green A happy
 your cradle narrow , Near my bosom . Pretty , pretty robin ! Under leaves so green A happy blossom 
 A happy blossom Hears you sobbing , sobbing , Pretty , pretty robin , Near my bosom . THE CHIMNEY-S
blossom Hears you sobbing , sobbing , Pretty , pretty robin , Near my bosom . THE CHIMNEY-SWEEPER Wh
 , Joy is my name . '' Sweet joy befall thee ! Pretty joy ! Sweet joy , but two days old . Sweet Joy
nd or eye Dare frame thy fearful symmetry ? MY PRETTY ROSE TREE A flower was offered to me , Such a 
ower as May never bore ; But I said `` I 've a pretty rose tree , '' And I passed the sweet flower o
ssed the sweet flower o'er . Then I went to my pretty rose tree , To tend her by day and by night ; 
 ca n't come in . '' And she sat still again . Pretty soon she heard the sweet little rustling noise
s to sing to her and the sun to shine upon her pretty yellow head . She was so pleased , too , when 
that he didn't think anybody could catch him . Pretty soon he saw a fox coming across a field . The 
e pulled harder ; the Elephant pulled harder . Pretty soon the Whale found himself sliding toward th
le hoppity-kick , hoppity-kick , and got along pretty fast . One day the little Half-Chick said , ``
y home . But he did n't want to go without the pretty , shiny acorn . Where it was he did n't know ,
ference . My , but it bumped him well ! He was pretty tired when he got home . But he was so pleased
 and came along home . It was a very hot day . Pretty soon the butter began to melt . It melted , an
ouse , '' he said , `` it 's good to hear your pretty voice , dear little House , and I will be in w
e little girls was named Louisa . She was very pretty , and ever so strong ; she could run for miles
 mother have to do any hard work , and she had pretty things about her all the rest of her life . Lo
 , which they carried between them . Then some pretty ladies , with white caps on their heads and wh
nd pink , rosy balls and silver stars ; he had pretty little pink and white candles in his arms ; bu
ened and the two children came in . Two of the pretty ladies were with them . They came up to the Li
e little pink and white candles . Then the two pretty ladies took hold of the table with the Little 
` Oh ! oh ! m-m ! m-m ! '' they cried . `` How pretty ! How beautiful ! Oh , is n't it lovely ! '' H
 hands . '' Wondering , Elsa stretched out her pretty , little , white hands . `` Now stretch out yo
ess fingers , dear ! '' Elsa stretched out her pretty pink fingers . The grey man touched each one o
perous ? '' `` I should like to make them some pretty clothes , '' said the wife , `` they are quite
ty as could be , with nice little stitches and pretty buttons ; and by Christmas time , they were fi
aid ; `` do n't you ? '' `` Well , you _are_ a pretty friend ! '' said the Camel . `` The idea of yo
of the cord , and scattered fertiliser in it . Pretty soon the whole garden was lined with little tr
 the seed trickle through his fingers . It was pretty to watch ; it made Margery think of a photogra
ers had canariensis in them . Canariensis is a pretty creeper with golden blossoms , very dainty and
`` And I rather think that their reputation is pretty well hammered to pieces ! '' It was , indeed .
 , but Little Joe Otter 's temper is sometimes pretty short , especially when he is hungry , and thi
aps that is what the fish thought he was , for pretty soon , two or three swam right in close to whe
rage as Little Joe Otter had done . `` You 're pretty smart , Mr . Otter ! You 're pretty smart , bu
`` You 're pretty smart , Mr . Otter ! You 're pretty smart , but there are other people who are sma
d now -- well , if he did n't catch some trout pretty soon , that splendid dinner would never be any
ed on his feet . Of course , he hit the ground pretty hard , and for just a second he quite lost his
hich he was hiding , and how they did scream ! Pretty soon Ol ' Mistah Buzzard came dropping down ou
tly , and looked at Alice . 'It must be a very pretty dance , ' said Alice timidly . 'Would you like
ll the voices were hurled at him . `` No , the pretty things are n't here , '' said the demi-god in 
the demi-god in buttons , caressingly . `` The pretty things are downstairs . You come along with me
 have had no pleasure in my life , though I am pretty and young and father has plenty of money . And
 happens , I know this part of the south coast pretty well . And unless I am mistaken there 's a way
fight about ? '' MacIan had understood his man pretty well up to that point ; an instinct common to 
laughing , `` you have certainly come across a pretty bad case , and incidentally proved your own . 
stition and supernaturalism , and it was not a pretty sort of superstition either . `` There is anot
rs to the other world , or possibly to his own pretty successful experience of this one . But though
wo were as isolated as a new Adam and Eve in a pretty ornamental Eden , the lady did not relax by an
sm , the social contract is annulled . It is a pretty little point of theory . '' `` Oh ! I dare say
s his golden egg . There , I think , we have a pretty complete story . '' `` But the ropes ? '' inqu
 them held a large paper in his hand . `` This pretty little nest where we are all picnicking , '' w
ely , '' insisted Flambeau , `` it might point pretty straight at something or other . '' `` There '
l inspire this evening is as yet in Mr Todd 's pretty reticent intellect , or locked in the jewelled
ity 's gayest leaders ; but there is talk of a pretty parody of the simple manners and customs at th
s which did not fit him . Second , there was a pretty stiff wind against which he was running ; so t
 -- or meaner -- crimes for which he was fixed pretty often . He was a handsome , well-bred-looking 
p him here for a split instant and you'll feel pretty mean . I reckon I 'm not a man with no pull . 
ity 's gayest leaders ; but there is talk of a pretty parody of the manners and customs of the other
ms very strange . Davis and Falconroy are both pretty considerable cowards , but so are lots of othe
siderable coolness into the steering-seat of a pretty high-toned Panhard ; he was accompanied by a g
 at Cambridge . He left me practically all his pretty large fortune ; and I am sure he meant it in c
he Spaniard cut in two ; and that will fit the pretty picture also . Another obligingly credits our 
on , I think , and I quarrelled with my father pretty heartily ; for I was an ambitious man and was 
behold , must have been , on a fresh morning , pretty chilly to wear . He had evidently come out of 
 `` Am I wanted ? Has he been poisoned ? '' `` Pretty near , '' said Brown , with the shadow of a sm
 the grave , he was willing to go into a place pretty much like it . But he went further yet . The p
me to enforcing vegetarianism , the latter had pretty well reached the point of defending cannibalis
 ordinary treatment of the poor criminal was a pretty brutal business . I tell you I am sometimes si
tal admiration , `` that you seem to have kept pretty cool under it . Now listen to me . I like you 
haste that verged on harshness . `` My name is pretty well known to the police , and I can see well 
common swindlers . I suppose the proportion is pretty equal all over the world . The fifth is a frie
 a pair immediately , and sent Mary a piece of pretty calico for the outside . The last-maker made a
midst of her hurry , found time to make a very pretty pair , with neat roses , as a present for her 
g heath firmly together , it would make a very pretty green soft mat , which would do very well for 
wn her pail , came behind Jem , and gave him a pretty smart blow upon the back . He looked up . `` A
hen it would not open ( for it was tied with a pretty stout cord ) one of 'em whips out with his kni
e mischievous hen . `` Oh , my guinea-hen ! my pretty guinea-hen ! '' cried Susan , as they hunted t
ay damages , Queen Susan , or good-bye to your pretty guinea-hen , '' said Barbara , in an insulting
Of the agency he flattered himself that he was pretty secure ; and he thought that he might assume t
id she , `` for the double cowslips ; look how pretty they are , and smell how sweet the violets are
d the purse . `` Certainly I DO long to see my pretty guinea-hen once more ; but I was not thinking 
u all asunder by your voices , and I can guess pretty well at all your humours and characters by you
 , with a smile and a blush ; `` these are all pretty , and too good for me , but -- '' '' BUT what 
shrewd , good natured look , `` I could give a pretty good guess myself what will become of that gui
mily , before dinner . She left a portfolio of pretty drawings and good prints , for Miss Barbara 's
id Miss Somers to her companions ; `` I have a pretty guinea-hen to show you . '' Barbara , secretly
ith pheasants , peacocks , etc. , and Susan 's pretty little guinea-hen appeared well , even in this
 . '' The obliging shopkeeper , who showed the pretty calicoes to Susan , was now at his door , and 
our goodness to me last May day . Now I 've my pretty guinea-hen safe once more , I should think of 
icket , prolonging his narration . `` Now , my pretty guinea-hen , '' said Susan -- '' my naughty gu
 were busily engaged in measuring an extremely pretty coloured calico . `` It is for Susan , my dear
 , `` and he will play that tune and sing that pretty ballad . Where is it ? for I have not finished
me , consented to show her the basket . `` How pretty ! -- but let me have it in my own hands , '' s
pride which values things not for being really pretty or useful , but for being such as nobody else 
, swelling with disappointed vanity . `` It is pretty for all that , and it cost a great deal of mon
 a day for the Montem to-morrow . It will be a pretty penny in your pocket ! Why , all the world wil
`` I saw his sprout ; he threw up a pair of as pretty rainbows as a Christian would wish to look at 
At last I slid off into a light doze , and had pretty nearly made a good offing towards the land of 
 side , as if it were a hatchet-faced baby . A pretty pickle , truly , thought I ; abed here in a st
g monkey jackets for morning gowns . You could pretty plainly tell how long each one had been ashore
ng now interrupted , he put up the image ; and pretty soon , going to the table , took up a large bo
to the wedding feast of Queequeg 's sister , a pretty young princess just turned of ten . Well ; whe
nothing ; and if we had a lucky voyage , might pretty nearly pay for the clothing I would wear out o
at though seven hundred and seventy-seven is a pretty large number , yet , when you come to make a T
 'em ; no harpooneer is worth a straw who aint pretty sharkish . There was young Nat Swaine , once t
 about it , eh -- sure you do ? -- all ? '' `` Pretty sure . '' With finger pointed and eye levelled
 soon be initiated into certain facts hitherto pretty generally unknown , and which , upon the whole
an whale fishery , are Americans born , though pretty nearly all the officers are . Herein it is the
 each side of the Pequod 's quarter deck , and pretty close to the mizzen shrouds , there was an aug
ough his oil is considerable in quantity , and pretty good for light . By some fishermen his approac
 years previous . I say three years , but I am pretty sure it was more than that . Here are three in
and when for a minute or so the two boats were pretty near to each other , Stubb hailed the mate . `
s '' and `` blubber-boilers , '' and such like pretty exclamations . Why it is that all Merchant-sea
d seat there , and often steers himself with a pretty little milliner's tiller decorated with gay co
 I do not , may lightning strike me ! ' `` ' A pretty scholar , ' laughed the Lakeman . 'Adios , Sen
the Sperm Whale drawings in J. Ross Browne are pretty correct in contour ; but they are wretchedly e
e whole affair upside down , it would still be pretty much the same thing , that is to say , a shock
roof is about twelve feet high , and runs to a pretty sharp angle , as if there were a regular ridge
 the law ? But if the doctrine of Fast-Fish be pretty generally applicable , the kindred doctrine of
he tail of one of these whales . `` There 's a pretty fellow , now , '' he banteringly laughed , sta
d had you strolled forward nigh the windlass , pretty sure am I that you would have scanned with no 
go , With true-loue showres King . How do ye , pretty Lady ? Ophe . Well , God dil 'd you . They say
, that out a Maid , neuer departed more King . Pretty Ophelia Ophe . Indeed la ? without an oath Ile
 climbe vpward , To what they were before . My pretty Cosine , Blessing vpon you Wife . Father 'd he
ly greefe Macd . He ha 's no Children . All my pretty ones ? Did you say All ? Oh Hell-Kite ! All ? 
u say All ? Oh Hell-Kite ! All ? What , All my pretty Chickens , and their Damme At one fell swoope 
the woods never studied the gamut , yet trills pretty well to me , And the look of the bay mare sham

Samples for 'knight':
o possessed them . Herself the widow of only a knight , she gave the dignity of a baronet all its du
ishery , each mate or headsman , like a Gothic Knight of old , is always accompanied by his boat-ste
ty shall haue Tribute of mee : the aduenturous Knight shal vse his Foyle and Target : the Louer shal
 are the skald , the oracle , the monk and the knight , we easily include them and more , We stand a

Samples for 'nice':
ng from among many , consequently a claim to be nice . Her good-nature , too , is not so very slight
ne of the children with her -- the youngest , a nice little girl about eight months old , who was no
 to you before you go. -- You and I will have a nice basin of gruel together . My dear Emma , suppos
able to understand what she meant by a basin of nice smooth gruel , thin , but not too thin . Often 
 men , well-bred and agreeable . We must not be nice and ask for all the virtues into the bargain . 
 leg to be salted , you know , which is so very nice , and the loin to be dressed directly in any ma
 very happy to see her -- and now we are such a nice party , she can not refuse. -- ` Aye , pray do 
 Fetch Miss Bates . We are growing a little too nice . She is a standing lesson of how to be happy .
which rather hurts the ear . But I believe I am nice ; I do not like strange voices ; and nobody spe
p with any thing ; but I shall be a little more nice , and I am sure the good Campbells will be quit
 at her time of life , had been possible to the nice tone of her mind , the fastidiousness of her ta
n the subject of marriage they are particularly nice , and that she reprobates all inequality of con
 who has had no society among women to make him nice ? '' He said it , she knew , to be contradicted
ight proud eye spoke the conviction that he was nice ; and Anne Elliot was not out of his thoughts ,
me gate , but could not see them . Anne found a nice seat for her , on a dry sunny bank , under the 
ere would always be company for them . And very nice young ladies they both are ; I hardly know one 
the sight of all the ingenious contrivances and nice arrangements of Captain Harville , to turn the 
earnestly did she wish that he might not be too nice , or too observant if Elizabeth were his object
ners , and with regard to education is not very nice . Birth and good manners are essential ; but a 
 . I do not understand it . They are not at all nice children , in my opinion ; but Mrs Musgrove see
ve had ! It may not be felt in Bath , with your nice pavements ; but in the country it is of some co
remarkably pretty sitting room up stairs ; of a nice comfortable size for constant use , and with mo
r John and Mrs. Jennings , indeed , were not so nice ; their witticisms added pain to many a painful
r could not suppose that Sir John would be more nice in proclaiming his suspicions of her regard for
, and then what does it signify ? Delaford is a nice place , I can tell you ; exactly what I call a 
 place , I can tell you ; exactly what I call a nice old fashioned place , full of comforts and conv
ll the carriages that pass along . Oh ! 't is a nice place ! A butcher hard by in the village , and 
ll unusual in his sex and time of life . He was nice in his eating , uncertain in his hours ; fond o
ery day . You must come to visit me and see how nice it is to live in the city . '' The little Count
l the little bright Stars were there with their nice little lamps . And when he saw them , that naug
pon a time a Spanish Hen , who hatched out some nice little chickens . She was much pleased with the
e patient blackberry-bush bore for us : see how nice , mamma ! '' `` 'Ah ! then indeed I am glad , a
e good ould country Where yees ha ' nivir bin . Nice and quiet shure she was , And nivir did any har
my . One day she gave him a big piece of cake ; nice , yellow , rich gold-cake . Epaminondas took it
ke . The way to carry cake is to wrap it all up nice in some leaves and put it in your hat , and put
 little Louisa 's wish came true : she bought a nice house for her family ; she sent one of her sist
py and cross , and she wanted the house to look nice . `` Oh , dear , '' she sobbed , `` I wish I co
 wink ; and when the bread was done , it was as nice as you could wish . Then the little fairy-finge
de the wee clothes as dainty as could be , with nice little stitches and pretty buttons ; and by Chr
ation and they removed to a little house with a nice big piece of ground a short distance outside th
 garden where you have all the things that make nice salad , '' said her mother , laughing , for Mar
r mother , with the look she had when something nice was happening . It was a box , quite a big box 
hen the fox was satisfied at last that he had a nice place of it within , he asked the tailor to let
o get even with him ! '' Of course that was n't nice talk and anything but a nice spirit , but Littl
ourse that was n't nice talk and anything but a nice spirit , but Little Joe Otter 's temper is some
tch all the fish he could eat . Then he saved a nice fat trout and waited . By and by along came Lit
other side , which , of course , was not at all nice of Peter . Mr. and Mrs. Redwing were there , an
s , or Longitude either , but thought they were nice grand words to say . ) Presently she began agai
` poison '' or not ' ; for she had read several nice little histories about children who had got bur
lice ventured to taste it , and finding it very nice , ( it had , in fact , a sort of mixed flavour 
 paws and washing her face -- and she is such a nice soft thing to nurse -- and she's such a capital
r , so Alice went on eagerly : 'There is such a nice little dog near our house I should like to show
t he had to ask his neighbour to tell him . ' A nice muddle their slates 'll be in before the trial 
endless felicity about the man . He thought how nice it would be if he had to live up in that galler
ople , one rude but efficient guide is that the nice Jew is called Moses Solomon , and the nasty Jew
t be watched . He ! he ! Yes , I think he looks nice from behind . He looks more cruel from behind ,
 If you dislike him it is not because you are a nice ordinary man , but because you are ( if you wil
onfidentially . `` Squares very good ; I have a nice long holiday , and can count them . But that 's
wn by those faggots . They want to take away my nice hose . '' The other was : `` As soon as you get
. One asked whether a bushy beard would hide my nice smile ; another said that if they blacked my fa
ter us with that mob . They have caught us in a nice quiet place where we are under no temptations t
ittle ones , '' said Syme , '' this is all very nice ; but I have not yet grasped its application . 
policemen looking at each other . And all these nice people who have been peppering us with shot tho
 she knew expected to hear that she had found a nice house for them in the village near their brothe
or flowers . The pinks and roses she tied up in nice nosegays , and sent either to Clifton or Bristo
ly , anything which the other servants were too nice to eat . All this Franklin bore with fortitude 
's your father , or his supper to us ? is he so nice that he can eat none but guinea-hen 's eggs ? '
iss Somers , when I said not always . '' `` How nice that broth does look , '' resumed Barbara , aft
 , who was waiting there , whether he knew of a nice fat lamb to be had anywhere in the neighbourhoo
it you , Susan , who keeps these things in such nice order ? '' continued Miss Somers , looking roun
shall never serve me so again . I must cut your nice wings ; but I wo n't hurt you . '' `` Take care
cept the mince-pies . But Bell has a great many nice things -- I do n't mean nice eatable things , b
l has a great many nice things -- I do n't mean nice eatable things , but nice new playthings , give
ings -- I do n't mean nice eatable things , but nice new playthings , given to her always on her bir
s her so happy ? or the new playthings , or the nice mince pies ? I can easily believe that she is h
e did not know . `` But , '' added she , `` the NICE NEW playthings , mother ! '' `` But why the nic
ICE NEW playthings , mother ! '' `` But why the nice new playthings ? Do you like them only because 
buy my Lord John ? the arch fishwoman cried , A nice oyster shut up in a choice shell of pride . '' 
ation , `` do n't cut it , Hal , -- look what a nice cord this is , and yours is the same : it 's a 
 , I 'll mend them better . '' `` They are very nice , I think , '' said Ben , drawing them on ; `` 
elf , which was all I could do . '' `` They are nice balls , indeed : we are much obliged to you , '
ng this morning , Mrs . Bustle ? -- I have some nice usquebaugh . Land . Oh , no , your worship ! --
co , brother , would like to have them for your nice grotto that you are making at Resina . That was
ked where it could come from ; and I saw , in a nice little garden , on the opposite side of the way
e , you had better be turning flukes -- it 's a nice bed ; Sal and me slept in that ere bed the nigh
f our kneepans were warming-pans . We felt very nice and snug , the more so since it was so chilly o
size of a bushel , low down on the flank . `` A nice spot , '' cried Flask ; `` just let me prick hi
 and fed Flowers worthy of Paradise , which not nice Art In beds and curious knots , but Nature boon
with Heaven ; and to taste Think not I shall be nice . So down they sat , And to their viands fell ;
reto the Almighty answered , not displeased . A nice and subtle happiness , I see , Thou to thyself 
such a time as this , it is not meet That euery nice offence should beare his Comment Bru . Let me t
g , or ere they sicken Macd . Oh Relation ; too nice , and yet too true Malc . What 's the newest gr
vering jelly of love , white-blow and delirious nice , Bridegroom night of love working surely and s

Samples for 'terrific':
with thy virgin feet . IV . The eternal gates terrific porter lifted the northern bar : Thel enter '
gerly some evil that had not happened or some terrific secret which was not true . All the rationali
 the world , yet can not withstand those more terrific , because more spiritual terrors , which some
what with the standing spectacle of the black terrific Ahab , and the periodical tumultuous visitati
and on now . Aye , aye , '' he shouted with a terrific , loud , animal sob , like that of a heart-st
abhorrent mildness , even more loathsome than terrific , to the dumb gloating of their aspect . So t
his chief peculiarity . He would say the most terrific things to his crew , in a tone so strangely c
 the rest , but Steelkilt shouted up to him a terrific hint to stop his babbling and betake himself 
 he thought his own thoughts . But a sudden , terrific , downward jerking of the boat , quickly brou
and bearing high in the air upon his back the terrific wreck of the stoven planks . The prow of the 
estern one ; though , by vast odds , the most terrific of all mortal disasters have immemorially and
d , and expose its rows of teeth , it seems a terrific portcullis ; and such , alas ! it proves to m
was the foaming swell that he made . It was a terrific , most pitiable , and maddening sight . The w
e exceeding strain effected the rest . With a terrific snap , every fastening went adrift ; the ship
ounding and murdering his own comrades . This terrific object seemed to recall the whole herd from t
 spout ; while , suspended from a bough , the terrific lower jaw vibrated over all the devotees , li
h their slaughter , the stimulus , the strong terrific game , Spell of all brave and manly hearts , 
the struggle of blood finish 'd , wherein , O terrific Ideal , Against vast odds erewhile having glo

Samples for 'governor':
an resident at Monkford since the time of old Governor Trent . '' `` Bless me ! how very odd ! I sha
 the land of Canaan . 42:6 And Joseph was the governor over the land , and he it was that sold to al
im , saying , Joseph is yet alive , and he is governor over all the land of Egypt . And Jacob's hear
 18:3 And Ahab called Obadiah , which was the governor of his house . ( Now Obadiah feared the LORD 
ke Micaiah , and carry him back unto Amon the governor of the city , and to Joash the king 's son ; 
 in the entering in of the gate of Joshua the governor of the city , which were on a man 's left han
rd that the king of Babylon had made Gedaliah governor , there came to Gedaliah to Mizpah , even Ish
nd anointed him unto the LORD to be the chief governor , and Zadok to be priest . 29:23 Then Solomon
f hundreds , and to the judges , and to every governor in all Israel , the chief of the fathers . 1:
e ye Micaiah , and carry him back to Amon the governor of the city , and to Joash the king 's son ; 
lew Maaseiah the king's son , and Azrikam the governor of the house , and Elkanah that was next to t
Shaphan the son of Azaliah , and Maaseiah the governor of the city , and Joah the son of Joahaz the 
 . 5:3 At the same time came to them Tatnai , governor on this side the river , and Shetharboznai an
er . 5:6 The copy of the letter that Tatnai , governor on this side the river , and Shetharboznai an
whose name was Sheshbazzar , whom he had made governor ; 5:15 And said unto him , Take these vessels
e house of God . 6:6 Now therefore , Tatnai , governor beyond the river , Shetharboznai , and your c
the work of this house of God alone ; let the governor of the Jews and the elders of the Jews build 
et it be done with speed . 6:13 Then Tatnai , governor on this side the river , Shetharboznai , and 
beon , and of Mizpah , unto the throne of the governor on this side the river . 3:8 Next unto him re
rom the time that I was appointed to be their governor in the land of Judah , from the twentieth yea
d my brethren have not eaten the bread of the governor . 5:15 But the former governors that had been
 for all this required not I the bread of the governor , because the bondage was heavy upon this peo
 of Jozadak , and in the days of Nehemiah the governor , and of Ezra the priest , the scribe . 12:27
or the kingdom is the LORD 's : and he is the governor among the nations . 22:29 All they that be fa
 son of Immer the priest , who was also chief governor in the house of the LORD , heard that Jeremia
eir nobles shall be of themselves , and their governor shall proceed from the midst of them ; and I 
sy . The official second-in-command under the Governor was an ex-detective named Greywood Usher , a 
e . '' `` He is n't in any hole , '' said the governor ; `` he is n't up any tree . '' `` Why , how 
 had somewhat better grounds , '' replied the governor coolly . `` I pass over the first as too simp
ortsmouth , where I went to meet my brother , Governor Morton , who came home with the last India fl
 and gentlemanlike , and inquiring if the old governor was at home . Well , he was at home , and ask
 ' I want John . ' 'What for ? ' says the old governor . 'What business is that of yours , ' says th
 I want to use him . ' 'Take him , ' says the governor -- and by the Lord , Flask , if the devil did
 devil ? Who's afraid of him , except the old governor who dares n't catch him and put him in double
 kidnapped , he 'd roast for him ? There 's a governor ! '' `` Do you suppose Fedallah wants to kidn
 the head and ideal , and President , Mayor , Governor and what not , are agents for pay , Where chi
ivolous Judge -- of the corrupt Congressman , Governor , Mayor -- of such as these standing helpless

Samples for 'minister':
 you will observe. -- Oh ! no ; cautious as a minister of state . I managed it extremely well . '' E
each them . 24:13 And Moses rose up , and his minister Joshua : and Moses went up into the mount of 
om among the children of Israel , that he may minister unto me in the priest 's office , even Aaron 
n 's garments to consecrate him , that he may minister unto me in the priest's office . 28:4 And the
aron thy brother , and his sons , that he may minister unto me in the priest 's office . 28:5 And th
d about . 28:35 And it shall be upon Aaron to minister : and his sound shall be heard when he goeth 
rate them , and sanctify them , that they may minister unto me in the priest 's office . 28:42 And t
on , or when they come near unto the altar to minister in the holy place ; that they bear not iniqui
t thou shalt do unto them to hallow them , to minister unto me in the priest 's office : Take one yo
th into the tabernacle of the congregation to minister in the holy place . 29:31 And thou shalt take
ll sanctify also both Aaron and his sons , to minister to me in the priest 's office . 29:45 And I w
 not ; or when they come near to the altar to minister , to burn offering made by fire unto the LORD
is sons , and consecrate them , that they may minister unto me in the priest 's office . 30:31 And t
he priest , and the garments of his sons , to minister in the priest 's office , 31:11 And the anoin
he priest , and the garments of his sons , to minister in the priest's office . 35:20 And all the co
egranate , round about the hem of the robe to minister in ; as the LORD commanded Moses . 39:27 And 
ron the priest , and his sons ' garments , to minister in the priest 's office . 39:42 According to 
d anoint him , and sanctify him ; that he may minister unto me in the priest 's office . 40:14 And t
hou didst anoint their father , that they may minister unto me in the priest 's office : for their a
y fire , in the day when he presented them to minister unto the LORD in the priest 's office ; 7:36 
hall anoint , and whom he shall consecrate to minister in the priest 's office in his father 's stea
 and all the vessels thereof ; and they shall minister unto it , and shall encamp round about the ta
 which were anointed , whom he consecrated to minister in the priest 's office . 3:4 And Nadab and A
 them before Aaron the priest , that they may minister unto him . 3:7 And they shall keep his charge
d the vessels of the sanctuary wherewith they minister , and the hanging , and all the service there
 all the oil vessels thereof , wherewith they minister unto it : 4:10 And they shall put it and all 
 England into a madhouse ? I 'm not the Prime Minister ; we 're not the House of Lords . '' `` He wa
 Lords . '' `` He was n't afraid of the Prime Minister , '' replied Dr. Hutton ; `` he is n't afraid
nown it , except the inventor himself and the Minister for War ; but the Minister permitted it to sa
or himself and the Minister for War ; but the Minister permitted it to save Hirsch from fighting . A
yone looked at him as they would at the Prime Minister or the Archbishop of Canterbury , they could 
hat had passed to the cook , like a favourite minister , proud to display the extent of her secret i
MAS JEFFERSON 'S WHALE MEMORIAL TO THE FRENCH MINISTER IN 1778 . `` And pray , sir , what in the wor
an ; and his wary speech Thus to the empyreal minister he framed . Inhabitant with God , now know I 
 , and the Son gave signal high To the bright minister that watched ; he blew His trumpet , heard in
 though of God Highly beloved , being but the minister Of law , his people into Canaan lead ; But Jo
is with me , That I must be their Scourge and Minister . I will bestow him , and will answer well Th
er rest Macb . Cure of that : Can'st thou not Minister to a minde diseas 'd , Plucke from the Memory
n the heart ? Doct . Therein the Patient Must minister to himselfe Macb . Throw Physicke to the Dogs
l , Godly , most of all known to my sense , ) Minister to speak to me , here and now , what word has
 ( this voice so solemn , strange , ) I too a minister of Deity . Yea , Death , we bow our faces , v

Samples for 'fond':
mily , less as a governess than a friend , very fond of both daughters , but particularly of Emma . 
ort . He was a nervous man , easily depressed ; fond of every body that he was used to , and hating 
year in London , and was proud of him ; and his fond report of him as a very fine young man had made
ever believe it . CHAPTER III Mr. Woodhouse was fond of society in his own way . He liked very much 
ed ; and of Mrs. Martin 's saying as she was so fond of it , it should be called _her_ cow ; and of 
ing her some walnuts , because she had said how fond she was of them , and in every thing else he wa
 night on purpose to sing to her . She was very fond of singing . He could sing a little himself . S
 well of him . His mother and sisters were very fond of him . Mrs. Martin had told her one day ( and
t silly wives . Men of family would not be very fond of connecting themselves with a girl of such ob
, how glad they will be to come . They are very fond of being at Hartfield , Harriet . '' `` I dare 
s an affectionate father . The children are all fond of him . '' `` And then their uncle comes in , 
n , had many fears and many nerves , and was as fond of her own Mr. Wingfield in town as her father 
xactly what one values , so hospitable , and so fond of society ; -- it will be a small party , but 
nk 's account ; for I do believe her to be very fond of him . I used to think she was not capable of
 . I used to think she was not capable of being fond of any body , except herself : but she has alwa
ry thing gives way to her . '' `` But she is so fond of the nephew : he is so very great a favourite
 his . '' `` I rather doubt that . You are very fond of bending little minds ; but where little mind
we had the history of that day , I have been so fond of Mr . Dixon ! '' `` But , in spite of all her
ought of ; and though he is so liberal , and so fond of Jane that I dare say he would not mean to ch
 same , every body had supposed they must be so fond of each other . '' These were her reasons -- sh
thing of the matter myself. -- I am excessively fond of music , but without the smallest skill or ri
 ; he spoke of his uncle with warm regard , was fond of talking of him -- said he would be the best 
 He was soon pretty well resigned . `` I am not fond of dinner-visiting , '' said he -- '' I never w
ite agreed with me ; only he is so particularly fond of music that he could not help indulging himse
 all the parish to manage ; and he is extremely fond of his brother 's children . He has no occasion
rds spent there with herself . Lady Russell was fond of Bath , in short , and disposed to think it m
 pleasure-grounds , is another thing . I am not fond of the idea of my shrubberies being always appr
moreover , a single man at the time , she had a fond dependence on no human creature's having heard 
ng no voice , no knowledge of the harp , and no fond parents , to sit by and fancy themselves deligh
alone in the world ; and Mr and Mrs Musgrove 's fond partiality for their own daughters' performance
ngs generally make it so . '' `` I hope I am as fond of my child as any mother , but I do not know t
 a whisper of Mrs Musgrove 's who , overcome by fond regrets , could not help saying -- '' Ah ! Miss
I should like to join you very much , I am very fond of a long walk ; '' Anne felt persuaded , by th
e her when she arrived ? And looked back , with fond regret , to the bustles of Uppercross and the s
in itself than Mrs Smith 's . She had been very fond of her husband : she had buried him . She had b
 be a good one , and Captain Wentworth was very fond of music . If she could only have a few minutes
or he was very young when he married , and very fond of his wife . But Mrs. John Dashwood was a stro
played extremely well , and by her own was very fond of it . Marianne 's performance was highly appl
, that of music and dancing he was passionately fond , she gave him such a look of approbation as se
. Her heart was devoted to Willoughby , and the fond attachment to Norland , which she brought with 
 that I must have been intended by nature to be fond of low company , I am so little at my ease amon
 not like ruined , tattered cottages . I am not fond of nettles or thistles , or heath blossoms . I 
urniture , and they happened to be so doatingly fond of children that Lady Middleton 's good opinion
se who pay their court through such foibles , a fond mother , though , in pursuit of praise for her 
m already , and indeed I am always distractedly fond of children . '' `` I should guess so , '' said
s of it for your sister . My poor husband ! how fond he was of it ! Whenever he had a touch of his o
 what I must have felt on seeing your sister as fond of him as ever , and on being assured that she 
 than you did ; not but what she is exceedingly fond of YOU , but so it happened to strike her . She
lieve them good-natured ; and because they were fond of reading , she fancied them satirical : perha
 my own part , '' said he , `` I am excessively fond of a cottage ; there is always so much comfort 
rd ! ' thinks she to herself , 'they are all so fond of Lucy , to be sure they will make no difficul
ed so scornfully ! for they say he is monstrous fond of her , as well he may . I should not wonder ,
 was not a subject on which either of them were fond of dwelling when alone . Elinor avoided it upon
s nice in his eating , uncertain in his hours ; fond of his child , though affecting to slight it ; 
ound myself , by insensible degrees , sincerely fond of her ; and the happiest hours of my life were
eing in love with two sisters , and two sisters fond of each other , made that mutual regard inevita
ate of his goodness -- with a conviction of his fond attachment to herself , which at last , though 
AL AND THE ALLIGATOR The little Jackal was very fond of shell-fish . He used to go down by the river
e little Jackal was , as you know , exceedingly fond of shell-fish , especially of river crabs . Now
ndeed I will , '' said the Camel , who was very fond of sugar-cane . `` Where is it ? '' `` It is on
'' said her mother , laughing , for Margery was fond of salads ; `` you have lettuce , and endive , 
 when he goes fishing . You see , he is just as fond of fishing as is Little Joe Otter or Billy Mink
 was his tail , that funny little tail he is so fond of jerking when he scolds . This helped him too
er or not he had a right to them . Buster is so fond of berries that from the very second that his g
ainst herself , for this curious child was very fond of pretending to be two people . 'But it 's no 
e subject of conversation . 'Are you -- are you fond -- of -- of dogs ? ' The Mouse did not answer ,
 'what would become of me ? They 're dreadfully fond of beheading people here ; the great wonder is 
sounds will take care of themselves . '' ' 'How fond she is of finding morals in things ! ' Alice th
o , that fog of false philosophy . You may grow fond of that mire of crawling , cowardly morals , an
 releasing his wrath . `` Fight , if you 're so fond of fighting ! Fight , if you 're so fond of all
're so fond of fighting ! Fight , if you 're so fond of all that filthy philosophy ! If winning is e
n't be Madeira , yet ? '' `` I thought you were fond of legends and lies and fables , '' said Turnbu
, fashionable , but somewhat frayed , certainly fond of play and strong waters , perhaps rather too 
 of play and strong waters , perhaps rather too fond of them Mr Glass is a gentleman not unknown on 
f its own . Proud of her father 's prosperity , fond of fashionable pleasures , a fond daughter but 
 prosperity , fond of fashionable pleasures , a fond daughter but an arrant flirt , she was all thes
eem , '' I said to the narrator , `` to be very fond of the Exmoor pedigree . '' He looked at me a m
t the only old legend . Fanshaw , here , who is fond of such things , will tell you there are other 
ays carry a cruet-stand about with me . I 'm so fond of salads . '' And to the amazement of the two 
d to take the goat home again , as she was very fond of it . Being now settled in their house , they
he had offered her goat , of which she was very fond , to discharge a debt due for her schooling ; a
s sorry to leave a place of which she had grown fond , poor as it was , having lived in it in peace 
 the rest of the evening to himself . He was as fond of play as any little boy could be ; and when h
 without any sort of exertion , he soon grew so fond of it , that every day he returned to the stabl
 the story . The children especially , who were fond of him , expressed the strongest indignation ag
 that was right ; so that Mr. Spencer soon grew fond of him , and took great pains to instruct him ,
ike him . In fact , Mrs. Pomfret was a woman so fond of power , and so jealous of favour , that she 
ed her into the passage . Manchon was extremely fond of Felix , who , by way of pleasing his mistres
as kept by that cousin of Felix 's , who was so fond of `` DELICATE cold turkey , '' and who had suc
o work neatly by her good mother , who was very fond of her , and to whom she was most gratefully at
otten ? She said that Sir Arthur was remarkably fond of lamb , and that she wished she could get a q
 , with a louder clap of applause . `` And very fond of the little boy who sits upon my knee . '' ``
hat she was good- tempered and good-natured and fond of you . '' `` Oh , that 's wrong -- you did no
ll true ; but how did you find out that she was fond of me ? '' `` That is such a difficult question
a great house , I 'll make Miss Somers , who is fond , as her maid told you , of such things -- I 'l
lowers and gardening , of which she was herself fond , Miss Barbara still thought herself undervalue
couple last Christmas to Susan Price , and very fond and pleased she was at the time , and I 'm sure
e , whilst Susan caressed him , and thanked her fond father and her pleased mother . `` But , Philip
e to the harpers . The Miss Somerses , who were fond of music , were amongst the ladies in the semic
 , Sir Arthur , the children in our village are fond of making a little play-green of it ; and they 
poor neighbour , a friend of ours , who is very fond of him , and I would not have him killed for tw
hanked her ; and he from that day began to grow fond of the pigeon . He always took care to scatter 
fended by Mr. Somerville 's hinting that he was fond of drinking and of quarrelling , and who threat
amond , now that you are so wise , that you are fond of such a silly person ? '' `` _I_ , father ? '
nts , but there are no people in the world more fond of that diversion . This was the fourth time in
as a high liver ; he was somewhat intemperately fond of the whale as a flavorish thing to his palate
 balls . The old monks of Dunfermline were very fond of them . They had a great porpoise grant from 
eir hearing by some lofty scholars . So , to my fond faith , poor Pip , in this strange sweetness of
-- most seen here at the Equator -- denoted the fond , throbbing trust , the loving alarms , with wh
h , and without me ? Am I cut off from the last fond pride of meanest shipwrecked captains ? Oh , lo
s vain , and all who in vain things Built their fond hopes of glory or lasting fame , Or happiness i
, the proud Aspirer ; but their thoughts proved fond and vain In the mid way : Though strange to us 
om : What is more , is fume , Or emptiness , or fond impertinence : And renders us , in things that 
devise ; Inviting thee to hear while I relate ; Fond ! were it not in hope of thy reply : For , whil
all the blame lights due ; So might the wrath ! Fond wish ! couldst thou support That burden , heavi
first Decree Into the lane of Children . Be not fond , To thinke that Caesar beares such Rebell bloo
Table of my Memory , Ile wipe away all triuiall fond Records , All sawes of Bookes , all formes , al
, which carries them through & through the most fond and winnowed opinions ; and doe but blow them t
ather than virtuous out of conformity or fear , Fond of his sweetheart , relishing well his steak , 
t , feeble , dissatisfied , Desperate , proud , fond , sick , accepted by men , rejected by men , Th
oking , Ready with life or death for a friend , fond of women , gambled , ate hearty , drank hearty 
 them my work is done , ) Of many an aspiration fond , of many a dream and plan ; Through Space and 

Samples for 'lord':
 's boasted power and freedom , all are flown ; Lord of the earth and sea , he bends a slave , And w
 's boasted power and freedom , all are flown . Lord of the earth and sea , he bends a slave , And w
termine any thing without the concurrence of my lord and master . You know , Mrs. Weston , you and I
sement . And secretly she added to herself , '' Lord bless me ! when should I ever have thought of p
; but , the truth is , that I am waiting for my lord and master . He promised to join me here , and 
 deal with . You knew I should not stir till my lord and master appeared. -- Here have I been sittin
an he did , nor could the valet of any new made lord be more delighted with the place he held in soc
 , striking instances of what I am talking of ; Lord St Ives , whose father we all know to have been
, without bread to eat ; I was to give place to Lord St Ives , and a certain Admiral Baldwin , the m
Well done , Miss Anne ! very well done indeed ! Lord bless me ! how those little fingers of yours fl
r some time , talking as before of Mr Scott and Lord Byron , and still as unable as before , and as 
 found Captain Benwick again drawing near her . Lord Byron's '' dark blue seas '' could not fail of 
of life . Such a number of looking-glasses ! oh Lord ! there was no getting away from one 's self . 
e would learn to be an enthusiast for Scott and Lord Byron ; nay , that was probably learnt already 
 feel comfortable if I have not a woman there . Lord ! what a boat it is ! '' taking a last look at 
beaux -- they have something else to do . '' `` Lord ! Anne , '' cried her sister , `` you can talk 
d repeated her invitation immediately . `` Oh , Lord ! I am sure your mother can spare you very well
the other , if not both of them , I must have . Lord bless me ! how do you think I can live poking b
nd then I have had Cartwright to settle with -- Lord , I have been as busy as a bee ever since dinne
nishing her wine ! And the dried cherries too ! Lord ! nothing seems to do her any good . I am sure 
y on one side , and next to none on the other , Lord bless you ! they care no more about such things
. Let her name her own supper , and go to bed . Lord ! no wonder she has been looking so bad and so 
young people like to be laughed at about them . Lord ! how concerned Sir John and my daughters will 
 my dear madam will easily believe . '' `` Oh ! Lord ! yes , that I do indeed . It must be terrible 
e , now , if they a n't married by Mid-summer . Lord ! how he'll chuckle over this news ! I hope he 
ntry ; and such a mulberry tree in one corner ! Lord ! how Charlotte and I did stuff the only time w
e Hon . Miss Morton , only daughter of the late Lord Morton , with thirty thousand pounds . A very d
etort this bitter philippic , `` Miss Morton is Lord Morton 's daughter . '' Fanny looked very angry
going to build , to build a cottage . My friend Lord Courtland came to me the other day on purpose t
, began directly to justify it , by saying , '' Lord ! my dear Miss Dashwood ! have you heard the ne
thought to make a match between Edward and some Lord 's daughter or other , I forget who . So you ma
my heart , it will be a match in spite of her . Lord ! what a taking poor Mr. Edward will be in when
nce with it as any body else would with eight . Lord ! how snug they might live in such another cott
-- Then they will have a child every year ! and Lord help 'em ! how poor they will be ! -- I must se
how forlorn we shall be , when I come back ! -- Lord ! we shall sit and gape at one another as dull 
a speech , she was almost ready to cry out , `` Lord ! what should hinder it ? '' -- but checking he
 I never was more astonished in my life . '' `` Lord ! my dear , you are very modest . I a n't the l
o or three months ! '' cried Mrs. Jennings ; `` Lord ! my dear , how calmly you talk of it ; and can
 and can the Colonel wait two or three months ! Lord bless me ! -- I am sure it would put ME quite o
 object is to be of use to Mr . Ferrars . '' `` Lord bless you , my dear ! -- Sure you do not mean t
th when they were created , in the day that the LORD God made the earth and the heavens , 2:5 And ev
very herb of the field before it grew : for the LORD God had not caused it to rain upon the earth , 
ered the whole face of the ground . 2:7 And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground , and 
fe ; and man became a living soul . 2:8 And the LORD God planted a garden eastward in Eden ; and the
had formed . 2:9 And out of the ground made the LORD God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the 
nd the fourth river is Euphrates . 2:15 And the LORD God took the man , and put him into the garden 
 Eden to dress it and to keep it . 2:16 And the LORD God commanded the man , saying , Of every tree 
st thereof thou shalt surely die . 2:18 And the LORD God said , It is not good that the man should b
p meet for him . 2:19 And out of the ground the LORD God formed every beast of the field , and every
s not found an help meet for him . 2:21 And the LORD God caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam , and
 instead thereof ; 2:22 And the rib , which the LORD God had taken from man , made he a woman , and 
re subtil than any beast of the field which the LORD God had made . And he said unto the woman , Yea
es aprons . 3:8 And they heard the voice of the LORD God walking in the garden in the cool of the da
is wife hid themselves from the presence of the LORD God amongst the trees of the garden . 3:9 And t
d amongst the trees of the garden . 3:9 And the LORD God called unto Adam , and said unto him , Wher
e me of the tree , and I did eat . 3:13 And the LORD God said unto the woman , What is this that tho
pent beguiled me , and I did eat . 3:14 And the LORD God said unto the serpent , Because thou hast d
g . 3:21 Unto Adam also and to his wife did the LORD God make coats of skins , and clothed them . 3:
oats of skins , and clothed them . 3:22 And the LORD God said , Behold , the man is become as one of
nd eat , and live for ever : 3:23 Therefore the LORD God sent him forth from the garden of Eden , to
 Cain , and said , I have gotten a man from the LORD . 4:2 And she again bare his brother Abel . And
of the fruit of the ground an offering unto the LORD . 4:4 And Abel , he also brought of the firstli
s of his flock and of the fat thereof . And the LORD had respect unto Abel and to his offering : 4:5
 wroth , and his countenance fell . 4:6 And the LORD said unto Cain , Why art thou wroth ? and why i
t Abel his brother , and slew him . 4:9 And the LORD said unto Cain , Where is Abel thy brother ? An
 hath defied the armies of the living God . The Lord , who delivered me out of the paw of the lion a
ilistine . '' `` Go , '' said Saul , `` and the Lord be with thee ! '' And he armed David with his o
 shield ; but I come to thee in the name of the Lord of hosts , the God of the armies of Israel , wh
ael , whom thou hast defied . This day will the Lord deliver thee into my hand , and I will smite th
ael ! And all this assembly shall know that the Lord saveth not with sword and spear ; for the battl
ot with sword and spear ; for the battle is the Lord 's , and he will give you into our hands . '' A
 you may learn it , to say for yourselves . The Lord is my shepherd ; I shall not want . He maketh m
 my life ; and I will dwell in the house of the Lord for ever.= THE HIDDEN SERVANTS This is a legend
e grateful to your little son , and to the good Lord to whom he wrote for aid . '' Then he turned to
ce on us , '' said Turnbull , shortly . `` Good Lord , one would think we were a Revolution . '' `` 
 of you eat and then I 'll see one of you die . Lord bless me , the gods must exist after all -- the
all -- they have sent me one of my day-dreams ! Lord ! A duel ! '' He had gone flying along a windin
l struck the table with a sudden hand . `` Good Lord in heaven ! '' he cried -- -- '' Who does not e
o does not exist , '' murmured MacIan . `` Good Lord in heaven ! '' thundered Turnbull , without reg
a hurry , I know what it is to be in a hurry -- Lord , what a hurry I was in when we all came out of
ntic islands so far beyond the Scillies -- Good Lord , it ca n't be Madeira , yet ? '' `` I thought 
one who gives up the world as a bad riddle . `` Lord love a duck , '' said he , `` can it be Jamaica
not seem specially angry with Turnbull . `` But Lord bless us and save us ! '' he gasped , at length
thing about playing in the golden hay . `` Good Lord ! '' cried Turnbull , bitterly , `` there seem 
 an attempt to poison the French President at a Lord Mayor 's Banquet . It is now , I understand , a
aw was yourself -- in a mirror ? '' `` Yes , my lord ; that was what I was trying to say , '' said B
 he saw was Sir Wilson Seymour ? '' `` Yes , my lord , '' said Father Brown . `` And you mean to say
istles , he simply saw himself ? '' `` Yes , my lord . '' The judge leaned back in his chair with a 
han before ; then he stammered : `` Really , my lord , I do n't know unless it 's because I do n't l
telling , as hospitable Todd is entertaining in Lord Falconroy , the famous traveller , a true-blood
d aristocrat fresh from England 's oak-groves . Lord Falconroy 's travels began before his ancient f
d shouting across the dark garden to know where Lord Falconroy was , for he was missing from every r
 , it is most likely that he was keeping it for Lord Falconroy ; and it looks as if he had delivered
ybody in America should want to kill an English lord newly landed , except for the one reason mentio
 reason mentioned in the pink paper -- that the lord is paying his attentions to the millionaire 's 
umed that the man in rags jumped at the name of Lord Falconroy , because he was Lord Falconroy 's mu
 at the name of Lord Falconroy , because he was Lord Falconroy 's murderer . He jumped at the name o
alconroy 's murderer . He jumped at the name of Lord Falconroy because he is Lord Falconroy . '' `` 
ped at the name of Lord Falconroy because he is Lord Falconroy . '' `` Then why the blazes did n't h
, '' said Greywood Usher , very white , `` that Lord Falconroy was Drugger Davis . '' The priest loo
ir hair long only to cover the ear of the first Lord Exmoor . This also is no doubt fanciful . The r
w that journalism largely consists in saying `` Lord Jones Dead '' to people who never knew that Lor
ord Jones Dead '' to people who never knew that Lord Jones was alive . Your present correspondent th
you see him sitting here that he is n't a great lord in the worst sense of the word . He would fetch
 '' he said , `` has a rum smell . '' `` By the Lord it has , '' cried Fanshaw , who was very white 
he old ones . This must be Seawood , I think -- Lord Pooley 's experiment ; he had the Sicilian Sing
ommittee '' . There he stopped and asked to see Lord Pooley . The attendant observed that his lordsh
 -- Well , and what do you want , I wonder ! '' Lord Pooley was a gentleman , and , like most of the
 I have come to prevent a man being killed . '' Lord Pooley bounded off his chair as if a spring had
 slight and somewhat dandified figure . `` Good Lord , no ! '' he said , `` that has to be done anon
f the road . `` Serious ! '' he cried . `` Good Lord ! is this street serious ? Are these damned Chi
me before he could control them . `` But , good Lord , man , '' he said , `` you ought n't to be a p
 was always chased along Cheapside , as the new Lord Mayor is always escorted along it . He was just
k on the stone passage so that it rang . `` But Lord God Almighty , '' he cried out , `` if this is 
like a new and swift sort of omnibus . `` Great Lord ! '' cried Bull , `` I never knew an elephant c
ns of God came to present themselves before the Lord , and Satan came also among them . ' '' `` You 
RE Monday fortnight -- could I , mother ? '' `` Lord help thee , no ; not an ' work thyself to death
ly ! to be sure I did ; I earned it all . '' `` Lord bless me , earned it ! well , I 've a great min
rs , and you know we are twenty minutes slow -- Lord bless us ! '' exclaimed Mrs. Pomfret , as she l
irst pause , turned to Franklin , and said , `` Lord , you know nothing of all this ! YOU never went
 , and I 'm in a hurry . '' Susan ran home . `` Lord , her head is full of broth now , '' said Bab t
is afternoon ? '' said the child , timidly . `` Lord bless my stars ! '' replied the maid , `` what 
nds . `` The Stadtholder , the Duke of Gordon , Lord and Lady Melbourne , Viscount Brome , and a num
y with ; but if he escaped from them he was the Lord 's . The Etonians , in order to secure the ram 
EN . Alderman Bursal , Father of young Bursal . Lord John , ) Talbot , ) Wheeler , ) Young Gentlemen
EN . The Marchioness of Piercefield , Mother of Lord John . Lady Violetta -- her Daughter , a Child 
 , this election time . Keep them for Bursal or Lord John , or some of those who like them . They wo
money at Eton , and has more to spend , than my Lord John , though my Lord John 's the son of a marc
s more to spend , than my Lord John , though my Lord John 's the son of a marchioness . Miss Burs . 
men 's clothes ? Landlady ( aside to Farmer ) . Lord , Mr. Hearty , hush ! This is Mr. Finsbury , th
rs. Talbot 's coming -- stand back . Landlady . Lord ! why does Bob show them through this way ? Ent
the back-ground . In front , TALBOT , WHEELER , LORD JOHN and BURSAL . Talbot . Fair play , Wheeler 
with his dead forty-five votes at command ; and Lord John with his -- how many live friends ? Lord J
d Lord John with his -- how many live friends ? Lord John ( coolly ) . Sir , I have fifty-six friend
ship believes -- Wheeler inclusive , no doubt . Lord J . That 's as hereafter may be . Wheeler . Her
iend from the first minute he ever saw you , my lord ! That 's well hit , Wheeler ; stick to that ; 
ifty-six friends , Wheeler INclusive , hey , my lord ! hey , my LUD ! Lord J. Talbot EXclusive , I f
eler INclusive , hey , my lord ! hey , my LUD ! Lord J. Talbot EXclusive , I find , contrary to my e
with Bursal . Now you are sure of the main with Lord John . Lord J . Sure ! I never made Mr. Wheeler
. Now you are sure of the main with Lord John . Lord J . Sure ! I never made Mr. Wheeler any promise
the honour , though distantly , to be related . Lord J . Related ! How , Wheeler ? Wheel . Connected
k the deep to be hoary . '' -- JOB . `` Now the Lord had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah .
y therein . '' -- PSALMS . `` In that day , the Lord with his sore , and great , and strong sword , 
eth the seas to seethe like boiling pan . '' -- LORD BACON 'S VERSION OF THE PSALMS . `` Touching th
 light come into the room from under the door . Lord save me , thinks I , that must be the harpoonee
Hebrew , ' he cries -- and then -- ' I fear the Lord the God of Heaven who hath made the sea and the
m , O Jonah ? Aye , well mightest thou fear the Lord God THEN ! Straightway , he now goes on to make
 , upon his prison . Then Jonah prayed unto the Lord out of the fish 's belly . But observe his pray
, or speaker of true things , and bidden by the Lord to sound those unwelcome truths in the ears of 
onah upon the dry land ; ' when the word of the Lord came a second time ; and Jonah , bruised and be
 delight is to him , who acknowledges no law or lord , but the Lord his God , and is only a patriot 
him , who acknowledges no law or lord , but the Lord his God , and is only a patriot to heaven . Del
ht as well kill both birds at once . Kill ? The Lord be merciful to his ghost ! What 's that noise t
never saw him going there , and I pass it every Lord 's day . '' `` I do n't know anything about Dea
the green locker ! Do n't whale it too much a ' Lord 's days , men ; but do n't miss a fair chance e
but commanded vicariously . Yes , their supreme lord and dictator was there , though hitherto unseen
ell , well ; I do n't know what it is , but the Lord keep me from catching it . He's full of riddles
has a sort of turned me wrong side out . By the Lord , I must have been dreaming , though -- How ? h
the plank , and a king of the sea , and a great lord of Leviathans was Ahab . Some moments passed , 
 , Mr. Humpback ? Do YOU want a kick ? ' By the lord , Flask , I had no sooner said that , than he t
rom the cabin-scuttle , announces dinner to his lord and master ; who , sitting in the lee quarter-b
IP ( SHRINKING UNDER THE WINDLASS ) . Jollies ? Lord help such jollies ! Crish , crash ! there goes 
 , grand old kings of Pegu placing the title `` Lord of the White Elephants '' above all their other
ployed in the celebration of the Passion of our Lord ; though in the Vision of St. John , white robe
ential agents on the water of the devil , their lord , whose counting-room they suppose to be elsewh
nd children , boys . Lay me on -- lay me on ! O Lord , Lord ! but I shall go stark , staring mad ! S
or us Within Heaven 's bound , unless Heaven 's Lord supreme We overpower ? Suppose he should relent
king , and , to enrage thee more , Thy king and lord ? Back to thy punishment , False fugitive ; and
dden Suspicious , reasonless . Why should their Lord Envy them that ? Can it be sin to know ? Can it
nst ; Whose easier business were to serve their Lord High up in Heaven , with songs to hymn his thro
song , and taught his praise . Hail , universal Lord , be bounteous still To give us only good ; and
bow All knees in Heaven , and shall confess him Lord : Under his great vice-gerent reign abide Unite
hout law Err not ? much less for this to be our Lord , And look for adoration , to the abuse Of thos
e day , why not eternal days ? ) What Heaven 's Lord had powerfullest to send Against us from about 
and him sung victorious King , Son , Heir , and Lord , to him dominion given , Worthiest to reign : 
r within them Spirit lived , Attendant on their Lord : Heaven opened wide Her ever-during gates , ha
rtition ; and the rest Ordained for uses to his Lord best known . The swiftness of those circles att
e ; thy realm is large . So spake the Universal Lord , and seemed So ordering : I , with leave of sp
gnificent this world , and earth his seat , Him lord pronounced ; and , O indignity ! Subjected to h
sband to promote . Yet not so strictly hath our Lord imposed Labour , as to debar us when we need Re
ffspring of Heaven and Earth , and all Earth 's Lord ! That such an enemy we have , who seeks Our ru
nt me beguiled , and I did eat . Which when the Lord God heard , without delay To judgement he proce
exercise and in the air , Chiefly on Man , sole lord of all declared ; Him first make sure your thra
e human reach no further knows . For though the Lord of all be infinite , Is his wrath also ? Be it 
eeds well done Mayest cover : Well may then thy Lord , appeased , Redeem thee quite from Death 's ra
hty hunter thence he shall be styled Before the Lord ; as in despite of Heaven , Or from Heaven , cl
 By his donation ; but man over men He made not lord ; such title to himself Reserving , human left 
ll tongues , and do all miracles , As did their Lord before them . Thus they win Great numbers of ea
foretold , Now ampler known thy Saviour and thy Lord ; Last , in the clouds , from Heaven to be reve
aesar speakes Caes . Calphurnia Calp . Heere my Lord Caes . Stand you directly in Antonio 's way , W
 doth run his course . Antonio Ant . Cæsar , my Lord Caes . Forget not in your speed Antonio , To to
 Lucius ? Enter Lucius . Luc . Call 'd you , my Lord ? Brut . Get me a Tapor in my Study , Lucius : 
ghted , come and call me here Luc . I will , my Lord . Enter . Brut . It must be by his death : and 
'st so sound . Enter Portia . Por . Brutus , my Lord Bru . Portia : What meane you ? wherfore rise y
ition , I should not know you Brutus . Deare my Lord , Make me acquainted with your cause of greefe 
raunt I am a Woman ; but withall , A Woman that Lord Brutus tooke to Wife : I graunt I am a Woman ; 
ar . Who 's within ? Enter a Seruant . Ser . My Lord Caes Go bid the Priests do present Sacrifice , 
g me their opinions of Successe Ser . I will my Lord . Exit Enter Calphurnia . Cal . What mean you C
ble , And Caesar shall go foorth Calp . Alas my Lord , Your wisedome is consum 'd in confidence : Do
g else ? Por . Yes , bring me word Boy , if thy Lord look well , For he went sickly forth : and take
 grow faint : Run Lucius , and commend me to my Lord , Say I am merry ; Come to me againe , And brin
iption Had you your Letters from your wife , my Lord ? Bru . No Messala Messa . Nor nothing in your 
are you ought of her , in yours ? Messa . No my Lord Bru . Now as you are a Roman tell me true Messa
Bru . Euery thing is well Cassi . Good night my Lord Bru . Good night good Brother Tit . Messa . Goo
ood night good Brother Tit . Messa . Good night Lord Brutus Bru . Farwell euery one . Exeunt . Giue 
udio . Enter Varrus and Claudio . Var . Cals my Lord ? Bru . I pray you sirs , lye in my Tent and sl
ouch thy Instrument a straine or two Luc . I my Lord , a n't please you Bru . It does my Boy : I tro
 looke for a time of rest Luc . I haue slept my Lord already Bru . It was well done , and thou shalt
o , Sirs : Awake : Claudio Luc . The strings my Lord , are false Bru . He thinkes he still is at his
 is at his Instrument . Lucius , awake Luc . My Lord Bru . Did'st thou dreame Lucius , that thou so 
me Lucius , that thou so cryedst out ? Luc . My Lord , I do not know that I did cry Bru . Yes that t
 : Did'st thou see any thing ? Luc . Nothing my Lord Bru . Sleepe againe Lucius : Sirra Claudio , Fe
 Sirra Claudio , Fellow , Thou : Awake Var . My Lord Clau . My Lord Bru . Why did you so cry out sir
, Fellow , Thou : Awake Var . My Lord Clau . My Lord Bru . Why did you so cry out sirs , in your sle
at would'st thou haue Laertes ? Laer . Dread my Lord , Your leaue and fauour to returne to France , 
leaue ? What sayes Pollonius ? Pol . He hath my Lord : I do beseech you giue him leaue to go King . 
 the Clouds still hang on you ? Ham . Not so my Lord , I am too much i'th ' Sun Queen . Good Hamlet 
tio , or I do forget my selfe Hor . The same my Lord , And your poore Seruant euer Ham . Sir my good
om Wittenberg Horatio ? Marcellus Mar . My good Lord Ham . I am very glad to see you : good euen Sir
temberge ? Hor . A truant disposition , good my Lord Ham . I would not haue your Enemy say so ; Nor 
h you to drinke deepe , ere you depart Hor . My Lord , I came to see your Fathers Funerall Ham . I p
t was to see my Mothers Wedding Hor . Indeed my Lord , it followed hard vpon Ham . Thrift thrift Hor
 , me thinkes I see my father Hor . Oh where my Lord ? Ham . In my minds eye ( Horatio ) Hor . I saw
 I shall not look vpon his like againe Hor . My Lord , I thinke I saw him yesternight Ham . Saw ? Wh
 saw him yesternight Ham . Saw ? Who ? Hor . My Lord , the King your Father Ham . The King my Father
t more like Ham . But where was this ? Mar . My Lord vpon the platforme where we watcht Ham . Did yo
atcht Ham . Did you not speake to it ? Hor . My Lord , I did ; But answere made it none : yet once m
Tis very strange Hor . As I doe liue my honourd Lord 't is true ; And we did thinke it writ downe in
 Hold you the watch to Night ? Both . We doe my Lord Ham . Arm 'd , say you ? Both . Arm 'd , my Lor
ord Ham . Arm 'd , say you ? Both . Arm 'd , my Lord Ham . From top to toe ? Both . My Lord , from h
 'd , my Lord Ham . From top to toe ? Both . My Lord , from head to foote Ham . Then saw you not his
 . Then saw you not his face ? Hor . O yes , my Lord , he wore his Beauer vp Ham . What , lookt he f
hee Laer . Most humbly doe I take my leaue , my Lord Polon . The time inuites you , goe , your serua
 you , giue me vp the truth ? Ophe . He hath my Lord of late , made many tenders Of his affection to
 , as you call them ? Ophe . I do not know , my Lord , what I should thinke Polon . Marry Ile teach 
g it thus , you ' l tender me a foole Ophe . My Lord , he hath importun 'd me with loue , In honoura
. And hath giuen countenance to his speech , My Lord , with all the vowes of Heauen Polon . I , Spri
 a higher rate , Then a command to parley . For Lord Hamlet , Beleeue so much in him , that he is yo
nt leisure , As to giue words or talke with the Lord Hamlet : Looke too't , I charge you ; come your
Kernes to trust their heeles , But the Norweyan Lord , surueying vantage , With furbusht Armes , and
 . Ride you this afternoone ? Ban . I , my good Lord Macb . We should haue else desir 'd your good a
row . Is't farre you ride ? Ban . As farre , my Lord , as will fill vp the time 'Twixt this , and Su
, or twaine Macb . Faile not our Feast Ban . My Lord , I will not Macb . We heare our bloody Cozens 
ght . Goes Fleance with you ? Ban . I , my good Lord : our time does call vpon's Macb . I wish your 
hose men Our pleasure ? Seruant . They are , my Lord , without the Pallace Gate Macb . Bring them be
u know Banquo was your Enemie Murth . True , my Lord Macb . So is he mine : and in such bloody dista
sundry weightie Reasons 2.Murth . We shall , my Lord , Performe what you command vs 1.Murth . Though
 come to you anon Murth . We are resolu 'd , my Lord Macb . Ile call vpon you straight : abide withi
in doubtfull ioy . Enter Macbeth . How now , my Lord , why doe you keepe alone ? Of sorryest Fancies
an touch him further Lady . Come on : Gentle my Lord , sleeke o 're your rugged Lookes , Be bright a
, then he within . Is he dispatch 'd ? Mur . My Lord his throat is cut , that I did for him Mac . Th
feares . But Banquo 's safe ? Mur . I , my good Lord : safe in a ditch he bides , With twenty trench
elues againe . Exit Murderer . Lady . My Royall Lord , You do not giue the Cheere , the Feast is sol
eru 'd Sir Macb . Where ? Lenox . Heere my good Lord . What is't that moues your Highnesse ? Macb . 
 of you haue done this ? Lords . What , my good Lord ? Macb . Thou canst not say I did it : neuer sh
esse is not well Lady . Sit worthy Friends : my Lord is often thus , And hath beene from his youth .
e strange Then such a murther is La . My worthy Lord Your Noble Friends do lacke you Macb . I do for
s blanch 'd with feare Rosse . What sights , my Lord ? La . I pray you speake not : he growes worse 
eunt . Scaena Sexta . Enter Lenox , and another Lord . Lenox . My former Speeches , Haue but hit you
Sir , can you tell Where he bestowes himselfe ? Lord . The Sonnes of Duncane ( From whom this Tyrant
me attempt of Warre Len . Sent he to Macduffe ? Lord . He did : and with an absolute Sir , not I The
s our suffering Country , Vnder a hand accurs'd Lord . Ile send my Prayers with him . Exeunt . Actus
cb . Saw you the Weyard Sisters ? Lenox . No my Lord Macb . Came they not by you ? Lenox . No indeed
b . Came they not by you ? Lenox . No indeed my Lord Macb . Infected be the Ayre whereon they ride ,
oven . Or I guess it is the handkerchief of the Lord , A scented gift and remembrancer designedly dr
y rendezvous is appointed , it is certain , The Lord will be there and wait till I come on perfect t
an , priest , tax-gatherer , Soldier , lawyer , lord , jailer , and sycophant . Yet behind all lower
en , While scornfully laugh 'd many an arrogant lord off against us encamp 'd , Quite within hearing
on , the son you love was not really dead , The Lord is not dead , he is risen again young and stron
rophecies and poems , From this side , lo ! the Lord Christ gazes -- lo ! Hermes I -- lo ! mine is H
nharm 'd , every inch as good as myself . 4 The Lord advances , and yet advances , Always the shadow
, Europe 's as well , in every part , castle of lord or laborer 's cot , Or frozen North , or sultry

Samples for 'accident':
hear of that ? -- A water party ; and by some accident she was falling overboard . He caught her . '
he others . '' By this time the report of the accident had spread among the workmen and boatmen abou
e on another subject . They must speak of the accident at Lyme . Lady Russell had not been arrived f
se , there was particular attention . The sad accident at Lyme was soon the prevailing topic , and o
Kellynch yesterday ( the first time since the accident ) , had brought Anne the last note , which sh
en a liking formerly , though convenience and accident had drawn him a different way ; and now that 
s leaving the place . Having alluded to `` an accident , '' he must hear the whole . When he questio
rse attending the first few days of Louisa 's accident , no sooner begun to feel himself alive again
and within a few yards of Marianne , when her accident happened . He put down his gun and ran to her
wed him to get out of doors ; and Marianne 's accident being related to him , he was eagerly asked w
 , and domestic comfort of the family to whom accident had now introduced him . Of their personal ch
 left by tempers so frank , to discover it by accident . Margaret related something to her the next 
 were gone . `` It might have been a very sad accident . '' `` Yet I hardly know how , '' cried Mari
em up again as quickly as she could , for the accident of the goldfish kept running in her head , an
very diligently to write out a history of the accident , all except the Lizard , who seemed too much
een . Our Lady had gone and left the stars by accident . His private tradition was equally wild and 
a blaze of old world beauty , for it was , by accident , a shop not unbeautiful in itself . The fron
g about the shop , had its main source in the accident of two doors standing open , the front door t
e found your way , gentlemen , by a beautiful accident , to the house of the only man in England ( p
t , fell over the chauffeur , and , either by accident or design , kicked him as he lay . The drunka
an his clothes , as if he had caught it up by accident . It needed the full shock of the huge shadow
ver meant to keep you waiting ; but the silly accident that has landed us in your garden may have so
ill accept my assurance that the thing was an accident and that no intrusion was meant . '' `` Oh , 
of envelope , should none of them be right by accident , that ca n't be a coincidence . It was n't .
o so perpetually missed meeting each other by accident that they began to feel quite frightened of e
And yet I was saved that very night by a pure accident . Arthur had gone off suddenly to London , as
 he caught him by the throat and flung him by accident or design , into the sea . A second Spaniard 
se ; and no doubt , as you would put it , any accident happening to this Cornish family would be con
d , or whether she came accidentally upon the accident and their intimacy began that night , we shal
n the Catacombs . But if , by some incredible accident , there were here tonight a man who all his l
odern lawlessness had been crowned also by an accident . It happened that he was walking in a side s
. Either by anonymous poison or sudden street accident , by hypnotism or by fire from hell , Sunday 
o assert that the whole following had been an accident . Syme was galvanised with an energy that was
t find the Professor out , if by some serious accident the Professor should find him out . He emptie
lected the flaming lamps irregularly , and by accident , like fragments of some other and fallen wor
d . `` You can find good English inns left by accident everywhere , like fossils , '' explained the 
ouldered man in tweeds , not odd save for the accident of his ugly spectacles , not glaring or grinn
y seen ; but far enough in front to catch the accident of the evening light was stalking up and down
is so bad , that we can not but think good an accident ; good is so good , that we feel certain that
ver he thought proper ; and , if he should by accident be called for by his mistress after supper , 
ould be able to conceal the true cause of the accident . `` Do n't you tell Mrs. Pomfret where you f
a basket of rolls on his head passed , and by accident one of the rolls fell close to the little gir
hispered Rosamond ; `` but only if you did by accident -- you know what I mean -- I should not be an
m '' -- hesitating -- '' miss pulled , and by accident -- I believe , I saw , ma'am -- miss , you kn
might , or any of us might , have had such an accident as that . I suppose he paid the gentleman for
wing weeds and rubbish over the wall , and by accident a great lump of couch-grass , with stones han
convinced that all this must be owing to some accident or mistake . He could not believe that anyone
said Maurice ; `` but somebody ( I suppose by accident ) broke it . '' `` Somebody ! who ? '' cried 
ow . He does not know me now , sir , since my accident , because of this great black patch . '' The 
ered with a huge black patch . Ben asked what ACCIDENT he meant ; and the lad told him that , but a 
 work so well now , as I used to do before my accident , for my old mother , who has had a STROKE of
adyship's uniform habit was a sufferer by the accident . `` Careless brat ! '' said she , '' why ca 
xation to give an intelligible account of his accident to his uncle and Patty , who anxiously inquir
e of his books , which had been left about by accident . It is impossible to describe the impatience
h alarmed for the first ten minutes after her accident to think of anything ; but after some time , 
 inferred as much from the simple fact of the accident . '' `` Look ye now , young man , thy lungs a
tacked ; therefore it was , that those who by accident ignorantly gave battle to Moby Dick ; such hu
ion . See that amazing lower lip , pressed by accident against the vessel 's side , so as firmly to 
the fragrant sperm ; when all at once a queer accident happened . Whether it was that Tashtego , tha
ome one 's falling into a cistern ashore ; an accident which not seldom happens , and with much less
at the Sperm Whale is far less liable to this accident than any other species . Where one of that so
nt for Hamlet hither , That he , as 'twere by accident , may there Affront Ophelia . Her Father , an
ament ; Greefe ioyes , Ioy greeues on slender accident . This world is not for aye , nor 't is not s
her shall vncharge the practice , And call it accident : Some two Monthes hence Here was a Gentleman

Samples for 'spinster':

Samples for 'silly':
, pray do not make any more matches ; they are silly things , and break up one 's family circle gri
 , whatever you may chuse to say , do not want silly wives . Men of family would not be very fond o
 thought I should ever be like Miss Bates ! so silly -- so satisfied -- so smiling -- so prosing --
s Bates ; she is only too good natured and too silly to suit me ; but , in general , she is very mu
 And Emma had the advantage of hearing her own silly compliment repeated twice over before the good
eld in his hand , '' Hum ! just the trifling , silly fellow I took him for . '' She had half a mind
know whether it ought to be so , but certainly silly things do cease to be silly if they are done b
so , but certainly silly things do cease to be silly if they are done by sensible people in an impu
 it . Mr. Knightley , he is _not_ a trifling , silly young man . If he were , he would have done th
I am perfectly sure that he is not trifling or silly . '' With Tuesday came the agreeable prospect 
n ; a few clever things said , a few downright silly , but by much the larger proportion neither th
 once owned that she had been presumptuous and silly , and self-deceived , before , her pain and co
to the authority and guidance of a conceited , silly father . She had , however , one very intimate
t as to the newest modes of being trifling and silly . To me , who live so much alone , her convers
lis of Marlborough Buildings ; a mere pretty , silly , expensive , fashionable woman , I believe ; 
aracter ; but Colonel Wallis has a very pretty silly wife , to whom he tells things which he had be
avour of beauty , he was the husband of a very silly woman , -- but she knew that this kind of blun
; but I fancy he is very unlike his brother -- silly and a great coxcomb . '' `` A great coxcomb ! 
killeth the foolish man , and envy slayeth the silly one . 5:3 I have seen the foolish taking root 
him for all this . 7:11 Ephraim also is like a silly dove without heart : they call to Egypt , they
hey which creep into houses , and lead captive silly women laden with sins , led away with divers l
quare , alas ! there was the clown , doing his silly tricks for the crowd . The hermit stood and lo
g to Little Joe . '' `` Of course not ! What a silly idea ! You 're getting foolish in your old age
 thoughts that were not his own . `` Why , how silly of them , '' cried out Madeleine , with quite 
 with quite a schoolgirl gaiety , `` why , how silly of them to call _you_ a blasphemer ! Why , you
king , '' said Turnbull , `` that it is damned silly to waste all that champagne . '' Something lik
`` I never meant to keep you waiting ; but the silly accident that has landed us in your garden may
he plain fact is , that he and I and a pack of silly men and girls have organized a game across thi
 benevolent brutality , `` this is one of your silly moods . '' MacIan shook his head . `` I know e
I mislaid him on the Cross of St. Paul 's . So silly of me ; and now I 've forgotten him in one of 
id , `` that 's the silliest part of the whole silly story . When our juggling friend here threw up
' exclaimed the Captain , with contempt . `` A silly little scratch . '' `` Which drew blood , '' r
did ; as you shall hear . `` I come now to the silly part of the story . I think a man as clever as
. He heard Fanshaw say there was no need to be silly ; that not only had Cornish captains been hero
ate followed the family as a family . It was a silly notion , I think , and I quarrelled with my fa
, upon which mere rebels base themselves . The silly sentimentalists of the French Revolution talke
ole secret by talking about anarchism to every silly woman in Saffron Park ? '' Gregory smiled . ``
p a pale and polite hand . `` Do n't be such a silly man , '' he said , with the effeminate dignity
estions of detail ; he only knew the happy and silly fact that this shadow , which had pursued him 
ss communicative . His own story was almost as silly as Syme 's . `` That 's a good get-up of yours
l the police and I could n't , because of some silly oath I took . You see , when I was an actor I 
' he said without taking breath . `` You great silly , pink-faced , towheaded turnip ! You -- '' ''
ng into a high crow of laughter . `` Why , you silly mugs ! '' he cried , `` what did I tell you . 
 yet I can not help wondering whether this one silly little hope is hopeless yet . '' `` In what or
Council , '' he said . `` We were all a lot of silly policemen looking at each other . And all thes
No , it 's not an admiration of force , or any silly thing like that . There is a kind of gaiety in
ffe , whose clear voice said -- '' It seems so silly that you should have been on both sides and fo
tten that -- it was two years ago ; I'm not so silly now . But Bell will like the basket , I know ,
 you are so wise , that you are fond of such a silly person ? '' `` _I_ , father ? '' said Rosamond
 half guinea besides . '' `` Yet you think her silly , and you are not fond of her at all ; and you
been too severe upon Bell when he called her a silly girl . From her infancy she had been humoured 
ldered , when he heard her spoken of as a very silly , extravagant , ridiculous woman , whose opini
t friends , instead of being enemies , as some silly , extravagant people would have us think them 
 good . '' People must think children are very silly , or else they can never have reflected upon t
people who , from the weak fear of offending a silly acquaintance , would hazard the happiness of t
ess and gallantry is frequently brought by the silly acquaintance of young people to confuse their 
p his unsold basket of fish , looking somewhat silly , and gloomily walked off . Arthur , the Engli
 did you ever in your life see anybody look so silly ? -- Hardy has him quite under his thumb ; he 
 's asking what he meant , would answer with a silly , guilty countenance , that he did not know ; 
t this was excellent advice ; and he was not a silly boy , who did not like to follow good advice .
- OPENING SENTENCE OF HOBBES 'S LEVIATHAN . `` Silly Mansoul swallowed it without chewing , as if i
all the while , mind , while I was stubbing my silly toes against that cursed pyramid -- so confoun
at Flask through the cabin sky-light , sitting silly and dumfoundered before awful Ahab . Now , Aha
t sea , they first go through such a string of silly bowings and scrapings , such a ducking of ensi
ps , ships shun the place ; leaping over it as silly sheep leap over a vacuum , because their leade

Samples for 'disease':
 god of Ekron whether I shall recover of this disease . 1:3 But the angel of the LORD said to Elija
ORD by him , saying , Shall I recover of this disease ? 8:9 So Hazael went to meet him , and took a
me to thee , saying , Shall I recover of this disease ? 8:10 And Elisha said unto him , Go , say un
is reign was diseased in his feet , until his disease was exceeding great : yet in his disease he s
 his disease was exceeding great : yet in his disease he sought not to the LORD , but to the physic
: 21:15 And thou shalt have great sickness by disease of thy bowels , until thy bowels fall out by 
ORD smote him in his bowels with an incurable disease . 21:19 And it came to pass , that in process
take no rest . 30:18 By the great force of my disease is my garment changed : it bindeth me about a
38:7 For my loins are filled with a loathsome disease : and there is no soundness in my flesh . 38:
inst me do they devise my hurt . 41:8 An evil disease , say they , cleaveth fast unto him : and now
ateth it : this is vanity , and it is an evil disease . 6:3 If a man beget an hundred children , an
ling all manner of sickness and all manner of disease among the people . 4:24 And his fame went thr
ingdom , and healing every sickness and every disease among the people . 9:36 But when he saw the m
heal all manner of sickness and all manner of disease . 10:2 Now the names of the twelve apostles a
water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had . 5:5 And a certain man was there , wh
r of a curiosity shop . He is a victim of the disease called Vinculomania -- the impression that on
 , I fancy ; either a symbol or a delusion or disease or something . Another tradition says that Ca
an eaten by ambition as by a fire , or even a disease . But though Kidd knew a great deal about Sir
sash . I know it does n't sound like having a disease . '' `` I suppose , '' said Flambeau , `` tha
that Syme thought it must be wasted with some disease ; yet somehow the very distress of his dark e
y that is more shocking than the Secretary 's disease . Do n't you notice his detestable virility a
 young ambition , all mortal greatness is but disease . But , as yet we have not to do with such an
 was most fit , But like the Owner of a foule disease , To keepe it from divulging , let 's it feed
 Mal . I thanke you Doctor Macd . What 's the Disease he meanes ? Mal . Tis call 'd the Euill . A m
 , well Gent . Pray God it be sir Doct . This disease is beyond my practise : yet I haue knowne tho
octor , cast The Water of my Land , finde her Disease , And purge it to a sound and pristine Health
od is universal . 3 Over the mountain-growths disease and sorrow , An uncaught bird is ever hoverin
hen I recline on the grass I do not catch any disease , Though probably every spear of grass rises 
 of grass rises out of what was once catching disease . Now I am terrified at the Earth , it is tha
death shall approach beguiling thee , thou in disease shalt swelter , The livid cancer spread its h

Samples for 'craft':
:25 And through his policy also he shall cause craft to prosper in his hand ; and he shall magnify 
 the scribes sought how they might take him by craft , and put him to death . 14:2 But they said , 
nto them . 18:3 And because he was of the same craft , he abode with them , and wrought : for by th
ation , and said , Sirs , ye know that by this craft we have our wealth . 19:26 Moreover ye see and
e with hands : 19:27 So that not only this our craft is in danger to be set at nought ; but also th
all in thee ; and no craftsman , of whatsoever craft he be , shall be found any more in thee ; and 
 mortified air . `` Full of courtesy , full of craft ! '' * `` So this is the meaning of his burnt 
s made up to sail in no other than a Nantucket craft , because there was a fine , boisterous someth
ing than ever it did about poor Paul 's tossed craft . Euroclydon , nevertheless , is a mighty plea
ding one of the bulwarks of some condemned old craft . On one side hung a very large oilpainting so
ted whale , purposing to spring clean over the craft , is in the enormous act of impaling himself u
 that you would almost fancy you trod some old craft 's cockpits , especially of such a howling nig
ory , 'that he paid the fare thereof ' ere the craft did sail . And taken with the context , this i
fleet in harbor , and in concert selecting our craft ; instead of this , I say , Yojo earnestly enj
rather Yojo 's , touching the selection of our craft ; I did not like that plan at all . I had not 
 ship for us . You may have seen many a quaint craft in your day , for aught I know ; -- square-toe
my word for it , you never saw such a rare old craft as this same rare old Pequod . She was a ship 
 She was a thing of trophies . A cannibal of a craft , tricking herself forth in the chased bones o
his fiery steed by clutching its jaw . A noble craft , but somehow a most melancholy ! All noble th
ouncing that he let no cannibals on board that craft , unless they previously produced their papers
preparation , Queequeg and I often visited the craft , and as often I asked about Captain Ahab , an
 concerned in , for he never piloted any other craft -- Bildad , I say , might now be seen actively
e first watch , and ever and anon , as the old craft deep dived into the green seas , and sent the 
y-Head Indian once ; `` but like his dismasted craft , he shipped another mast without coming home 
 , which was the name of Captain Sleet 's good craft . He called it the SLEET 'S CROW'S-NEST , in h
r , the Commodore set sail in this impregnable craft for Valparaiso . But he was stopped on the way
usiness consisted in fetching the Commodore 's craft such a thwack , that with all his pumps going 
ever , was by no means a large one : a Russian craft built on the Siberian coast , and purchased by
tly in advance of our bows . For that singular craft at times evinced by the Sperm Whale when , sou
mself to the jerking tossings of his chip of a craft , and silently eyeing the vast blue eye of the
that to our downward gazing eyes the suspended craft seemed a coral boat grown up to us from the bo
 impetuousness upon the point of scuttling the craft with his own frantic stampings ; considering t
in your lookes ; which your modesties haue not craft enough to color , I know the good King & Queen
I essentially am not in madnesse , But made in craft . 'Twere good you let him know , For who that 
 , screams of women in the gripe of brigands , Craft and thievery of camp-followers , men running ,
f the fleets of barges , tows , lake and canal craft , river craft , Ship-yards and dry-docks along
f barges , tows , lake and canal craft , river craft , Ship-yards and dry-docks along the Eastern a
er what , From the huge festering trunk , from craft and guile and tears , Health to emerge and joy
 moving swiftly surrounded by myriads of small craft I forget not to sing ; Nor the comet that came
propriate native grand-opera , shipcraft , any craft , He or she is greatest who contributes the gr
! Thee coil 'd in evil times my country , with craft and black dismay , with every meanness , treas
e battle-bulletin , The Indian ambuscade , the craft , the fatal environment , The cavalry companie

Samples for 'mistress':
 consequence of her sister 's marriage , been mistress of his house from a very early period . Her m
ns and harmless gossip . Mrs. Goddard was the mistress of a School -- not of a seminary , or an esta
and the evening no longer dreaded by the fair mistress of the mansion . Harriet Smith was the natura
And ever since she was twelve , Emma has been mistress of the house and of you all . In her mother s
through again to be quite certain , and quite mistress of the lines , and then passing it to Harriet
 I believe few married women are half as much mistress of their husband 's house as I am of Hartfiel
 bear to have the poor old Vicarage without a mistress . This is great news , indeed . Jane , you ha
he door they heard that neither `` master nor mistress was at home ; '' they had both been out some 
 it ; and there is poor Jane Fairfax , who is mistress of music , has not any thing of the nature of
tch-making . You do it very ill. Jane Fairfax mistress of the Abbey ! -- Oh ! no , no ; -- every fee
ur bad news to me . Here is the rivet of your mistress 's spectacles out . Then the baked apples cam
nal contentment . Thirteen years had seen her mistress of Kellynch Hall , presiding and directing wi
of the Lodge , and to gladden the eyes of its mistress . There was some anxiety mixed with Lady Russ
ng fellow to be making love , by breaking his mistress 's head , is not it , Miss Elliot ? This is b
 the possibility of that woman , who had been mistress of Kellynch Hall , finding extent to be proud
n that to be able to regard you as the future mistress of Kellynch , the future Lady Elliot , to loo
, were inevitably consumed ; and when her own mistress again , when able to turn and look as she had
restored to the rights of seniority , and the mistress of a very pretty landaulette ; but she had a 
ER 2 Mrs. John Dashwood now installed herself mistress of Norland ; and her mother and sisters-in-la
nhabit or visit it while such a woman was its mistress . She instantly wrote Sir John Middleton her 
ping hastily forward . `` No , ma'am , for my mistress . '' But Marianne , not convinced , took it i
gs 's servant , who came to tell her that his mistress waited for them at the door . Mr. Dashwood at
s were numerous , and every thing bespoke the Mistress 's inclination for show , and the Master 's a
 . I should be very glad to get her so good a mistress . But whether she would do for a lady 's maid
d , and more anxious to be alone , than to be mistress of the subject . How she should begin -- how 
only tortured her more , by hints of what her mistress had always thought . Marianne 's ideas were s
table , he had satisfied the inquiries of his mistress as to the event of his errand , this was his 
posely to see us . I WILL be calm ; I WILL be mistress of myself . '' In a moment she perceived that
it with so much attention , as to be entirely mistress of the subject . One question after this only
 duties , placed in a new home , a wife , the mistress of a family , and the patroness of a village 
and when she saw that she had conceived , her mistress was despised in her eyes . 16:5 And Sarai sai
o ? And she said , I flee from the face of my mistress Sarai . 16:9 And the angel of the LORD said u
gel of the LORD said unto her , Return to thy mistress , and submit thyself under her hands . 16:10 
hese things , that the son of the woman , the mistress of the house , fell sick ; and his sickness w
on Naaman 's wife . 5:3 And she said unto her mistress , Would God my lord were with the prophet tha
 as the eyes of a maiden unto the hand of her mistress ; so our eyes wait upon the LORD our God , un
married ; and an handmaid that is heir to her mistress . 30:24 There be four things which are little
h his master ; as with the maid , so with her mistress ; as with the buyer , so with the seller ; as
he whoredoms of the wellfavoured harlot , the mistress of witchcrafts , that selleth nations through
hey why should Thel complain . Why should the mistress of the vales of Har , utter a sigh . She ceas
 did not know , either ; and when she saw her mistress sitting about doing nothing , she , too , sat
the work , just right . When the maid saw her mistress working , she began to work , too ; and when 
fitted well , and the maid showed them to her mistress . Isabella and Caroline were so well pleased 
 and exclaimed , on seeing it -- '' Ho ! ho ! mistress ; I 'd not have had any dealings with you , h
e next week , as we are ( I mean , master and mistress , and the young ladies -- bless them ! -- and
was carrying in a heavy flower pot , when his mistress crossed the hall . `` What a terrible litter 
came the grand pleasure of carrying it to his mistress . She looked fully as much surprised as he ex
 at three journeys , his eighteen mats to his mistress ' house ; piled them all up in the hall , and
 humility , beside the pile , waiting for his mistress ' appearance . Presently a folding-door , at 
one end of the hall , opened , and he saw his mistress , with a great many gentlemen and ladies , ri
oked at his mats ; but in a minute or two his mistress beckoned to him , and when he came into the m
! '' Then , recollecting himself , he saw his mistress , whom he now looked up to quite as a friend 
 n't keep you any longer , only , '' said his mistress , `` I have one thing to ask you , that I may
business , preparing for the reception of his mistress , of whose intended visit he had informed his
topped at the door . Jem ran out ; it was his mistress . She came in smiling , and soon made the old
me back . `` What 's the matter ? '' said his mistress . `` God bless the boy ! '' said his mother ,
o him with the greatest surprise , whilst his mistress stood in silence , looking first at the old w
nly to take up her milk-pail . But now Jem 's mistress called to her through the window , begging he
ng out ; but be faithful and obedient to your mistress , and obliging to your fellow-servants , and 
ll . Mrs. Churchill will make you a very good mistress , if you behave properly ; and I have no doub
, sometimes . '' `` Certainly ; whenever your mistress can spare you , I shall be very glad to see y
own into a handsome room , where he found his mistress -- an elderly lady . She asked him a few ques
ged to a look of surprise and suspicion . Her mistress recommended him to her protection , saying , 
rrelled with an angel who had got so near her mistress without her introduction . She smothered her 
ver , till night ; when , as she attended her mistress ' toilette , she could not refrain from expre
 `` Philanthropic Society ; yes , '' said her mistress ; `` and my brother gives him a high characte
y . He hoped to secure the approbation of his mistress by scrupulous obedience to all her commands ,
ge in for safe keeping . La ! la , ma'am ! -- Mistress ! murder ! Mrs. Hussey ! apoplexy ! '' -- and
by way of waifing it for his royal master and mistress ? What was Poland to the Czar ? What Greece t
t temptation thus began . Wonder not , sovran Mistress , if perhaps Thou canst , who art sole wonder
standing at ease in Nature , Master of all or mistress of all , aplomb in the midst of irrational th
ong-waiting now advancing , Yes here comes my mistress the soul . 6 The soul , Forever and forever -
iving not taking law , You womanhood divine , mistress and source of all , whence life and love and 
oneers ! O pioneers ! Raise the mighty mother mistress , Waving high the delicate mistress , over al
ty mother mistress , Waving high the delicate mistress , over all the starry mistress , ( bend your 
h the delicate mistress , over all the starry mistress , ( bend your heads all , ) Raise the fang 'd
r heads all , ) Raise the fang 'd and warlike mistress , stern , impassive , weapon 'd mistress , Pi
like mistress , stern , impassive , weapon 'd mistress , Pioneers ! O pioneers ! See my children , r
solution , you are he or she who is master or mistress over them , Master or mistress in your own ri
o is master or mistress over them , Master or mistress in your own right over Nature , elements , pa
a vision it comes to me , I chant America the mistress , I chant a greater supremacy , I chant proje
ed , choked , swimming in plenty , Thou lucky Mistress of the tranquil barns , Thou Prairie Dame tha

Samples for 'gay':
gained always is to what is lost . He came back gay and self-satisfied , eager and busy , caring no
ion which silenced , Mr. Knightley . She was in gay spirits , and would have prolonged the conversa
better , for Frank Churchill grew talkative and gay , making her his first object . Every distingui
 be enlivened , not sorry to be flattered , was gay and easy too , and gave him all the friendly en
ady , to Ireland by another . Not that Emma was gay and thoughtless from any real felicity ; it was
o very kindly , that with a sudden accession of gay thought , he cried , '' Ah ! by the bye , '' th
ght be filled again with all that was happy and gay , all that was glowing and bright in prosperous
The Crofts had placed themselves in lodgings in Gay Street , perfectly to Sir Walter 's satisfactio
e had feelings for the tender , spirits for the gay , attention for the scientific , and patience f
ly with the young , and we were a thoughtless , gay set , without any strict rules of conduct . We 
n Wentworth , which way are you going ? Only to Gay Street , or farther up the town ? '' `` I hardl
 park , but who was neither very young nor very gay . He hoped they would all excuse the smallness 
e in seeing them , looked neither rapturous nor gay , said little but what was forced from him by q
he past , Edward -- whether it be melancholy or gay , I love to recall it -- and you will never off
 `` you need not reproach me . You are not very gay yourself . '' `` Why should you think so ! '' r
e point or other : fancying people so much more gay or grave , or ingenious or stupid than they rea
what a sweet place Cleveland is ; and we are so gay now , for Mr. Palmer is always going about the 
would it have availed ? Would he have been less gay or less happy in the smiles of your sister ? No
nybody who could by any chance whether grave or gay , be interesting to her . But at last she found
ove her acquaintance with Robert , who , by the gay unconcern , the happy self-complacency of his m
f in Devonshire pursuing fresh schemes , always gay , always happy , she was reduced to the extreme
to me for ever ; and I remember how happy , how gay were my spirits , as I walked from the cottage 
2:3 And ye have respect to him that weareth the gay clothing , and say unto him , Sit thou here in 
 was made of rose-coloured sugar ; and he had a gay little cap of orange sugar-candy . When the lit
 I push forth my leaves , till out I burst in a gay green dress , and nod in joy and pride . The li
ld starry nights , To sup with the Queen Of the gay Northern Lights . They stole little Bridget For
 , instead of leather , he laid the two sets of gay little fairy-clothes . Then he and his wife hid
y its name ; but her mother told her it was the gay , sturdy , everydayish little flower called a m
 sunflowers ; and along the front edge were the gay nasturtiums . Margery planned that , so that sh
cate and rich to eat ; the courtiers , in their gay clothes , were laughing and talking ; and at th
d as follows When the sands are all dry , he is gay as a lark , And will talk in contemptuous tones
l put the bright point of the sword against the gay waistcoat of the dealer , who stood choking wit
young people ? '' A blank silence followed this gay inquiry . Then Turnbull said in a colourless vo
very gravely at the strict gravel walls and the gay flower-beds and the long rectangular red-brick 
th this was the entrance into a kind of court , gay with shrubs and tiles , into which the two Fren
y lighted , of which the principal building was gay with gilding , gaudy with posters , and flanked
he world was old and ended : but you and I were gay ; Round us in antic order their crippled vices 
ck in the morning , and went singing to work as gay as a lark . Four days he worked `` every day an
 dressed in their Sunday clothes , innocent and gay , and little Jem , the best and gayest amongst 
r to amuse his young audience , he played now a gay and now a pathetic air , to suit their several 
ell-furnished with glossy tiers of stuffs , and gay , neat printed linens and calicoes . `` Now , S
 go to-morrow ? All this happy news makes me so gay in myself , I 'm afraid I shall hardly understa
d of the bowling-green ; and , amongst all this gay variety , the tulip which Maurice had given to 
spectacle of misery which he had seen ; and the gay shops in Wine Street and the idea of his green 
roared in chorus . In vain they tried to appear gay . It would not do . The voices died away , and 
ng people could be happier ; they were good and gay , emulous , but not envious of each other ; for
s not a little surprised to see Cecilia look so gay and unconstrained . `` Surely , '' said she to 
ndkerchief , mockingly embellished with all the gay flags of all the known nations of the world . H
ng of coaches in the streets , and the sound of gay voices all over the house . I felt worse and wo
wn . Next was Tashtego , an unmixed Indian from Gay Head , the most westerly promontory of Martha '
d light-hearted of all the whales , making more gay foam and white water generally than any other o
oremost through the sparkling sea shoots on the gay , embattled , bantering bow , but only to drag 
 to the last arrived harpooneers , I dare say , gay as a frigate's pennant , and so am I -- fa , la
nk to-night with hearts as light , To love , as gay and fleeting As bubbles that swim , on the beak
 pretty little milliner's tiller decorated with gay cords and ribbons . But the whale-boat has no s
t to notice him , but unawed , went on with his gay banterings . `` 'Aye , aye , my merry lads , it
e death and be murdered , in order to light the gay bridals and other merry-makings of men , and al
e green ; and at melodious even-tide , with his gay ha-ha ! had turned the round horizon into one s
e . `` Come aboard , come aboard ! '' cried the gay Bachelor 's commander , lifting a glass and a b
he Pequod . For next day after encountering the gay Bachelor , whales were seen and four were slain
e broken again by the light toes of hundreds of gay fowl softly feathering the sea , alternate with
form Oft to the image of a brute , adorned With gay religions full of pomp and gold , And devils to
 fruits at once of golden hue , Appeared , with gay enamelled colours mixed : On which the sun more
ssession put to try once more What thou and thy gay legions dare against ; Whose easier business we
owered Opening their various colours , and made gay Her bosom , smelling sweet : and , these scarce
n sounds The silent hours , and the other whose gay train Adorns him , coloured with the florid hue
ght , And thou enlightened Earth , so fresh and gay , Ye Hills , and Dales , ye Rivers , Woods , an
h flower of slender stalk , whose head , though gay Carnation , purple , azure , or specked with go
 tents , behold ! A bevy of fair women , richly gay In gems and wanton dress ; to the harp they sun
eemed Of Goddesses , so blithe , so smooth , so gay , Yet empty of all good wherein consists Woman 
oud a bow Conspicuous with three lifted colours gay , Betokening peace from God , and covenant new 
d , The cheerful voice of the public road , the gay fresh sentiment of the road . O highway I trave
 , man 's or woman 's , well-shaped , natural , gay , Every part able , active , receptive , withou
 Around each gathers a cluster of friends , and gay children and youths , with offerings. } To The 
 arms , and resume the way ; Onward we move , a gay gang of blackguards ! with mirth-shouting music
 never cease this babble ? ) Again old heart so gay , again to you , your sense , the full flush sp
orthern ice , the cumulus of years , These with gay heart I also sing. } Broadway What hurrying hum

Samples for 'lame':
Weston as to pigeon-pies and cold lamb , when a lame carriage-horse threw every thing into sad uncer
ts to induce him to come . In the meanwhile the lame horse recovered so fast , that the party to Box
 a sensible , benevolent countenance ; a little lame ; and from strong features and want of health ,
sh , he shall not approach : a blind man , or a lame , or he that hath a flat nose , or any thing su
d if there be any blemish therein , as if it be lame , or blind , or have any ill blemish , thou sha
And Jonathan , Saul 's son , had a son that was lame of his feet . He was five years old when the ti
 made haste to flee , that he fell , and became lame . And his name was Mephibosheth . 4:5 And the s
aying , Except thou take away the blind and the lame , thou shalt not come in hither : thinking , Da
he gutter , and smiteth the Jebusites , and the lame and the blind that are hated of David 's soul ,
ptain . Wherefore they said , The blind and the lame shall not come into the house . 5:9 So David dw
o the king , Jonathan hath yet a son , which is lame on his feet . 9:4 And the king said unto him , 
 eat continually at the king 's table ; and was lame on both his feet . 10:1 And it came to pass aft
n , and go to the king ; because thy servant is lame . 19:27 And he hath slandered thy servant unto 
I was eyes to the blind , and feet was I to the lame . 29:16 I was a father to the poor : and the ca
et , and drinketh damage . 26:7 The legs of the lame are not equal : so is a parable in the mouth of
then is the prey of a great spoil divided ; the lame take the prey . 33:24 And the inhabitant shall 
e deaf shall be unstopped . 35:6 Then shall the lame man leap as an hart , and the tongue of the dum
 of the earth , and with them the blind and the lame , the woman with child and her that travaileth 
acrifice , is it not evil ? and if ye offer the lame and sick , is it not evil ? offer it now unto t
 ; and ye brought that which was torn , and the lame , and the sick ; thus ye brought an offering : 
 : 11:5 The blind receive their sight , and the lame walk , the lepers are cleansed , and the deaf h
ame unto him , having with them those that were lame , blind , dumb , maimed , and many others , and
he dumb to speak , the maimed to be whole , the lame to walk , and the blind to see : and they glori
 a den of thieves . 21:14 And the blind and the lame came to him in the temple ; and he healed them 
e seen and heard ; how that the blind see , the lame walk , the lepers are cleansed , the deaf hear 
kest a feast , call the poor , the maimed , the lame , the blind : 14:14 And thou shalt be blessed ;
 , being the ninth hour . 3:2 And a certain man lame from his mother 's womb was carried , whom they
t which had happened unto him . 3:11 And as the lame man which was healed held Peter and John , all 
ly Sunday would not be such a fool as to send a lame man ? `` He set off at a smart pace , twisting 
ieces . Energy , he said , was the All . He was lame , shortsighted , and partially paralytic . When
t , began again with `` Jem , dear , does he go lame at all now ? '' `` What , Lightfoot ! Oh , la ,

Samples for 'retarded':
that must have perplexed the engagement , and retarded the marriage , of Edward and herself , had he
djusted , and their different pretensions now retarded all thoughts of a reconciliation . Cecilia , 
ke , though indeed their back water must have retarded him , because the white-bone or swell at his 

Samples for 'queer':
 look at it . Did you ever see the like ? What queer fellows your fine painters must be , to think 
, very delicious-smelling piece of cheese on a queer little stand in a corner . He was just on the 
 did not know what in the world to do with the queer little Half-Chick . She was afraid something w
little room . And there , before him , stood a queer little Red Man ! He had a little red cap , and
ess . The lazy man jumped on its back , a very queer , low back . As he mounted , he saw the doors 
armer Brown's boy grew . It made him feel very queer . He would have felt still more queer if he ha
eel very queer . He would have felt still more queer if he had known that all the time two other fi
rd work to believe his own eyes , and he had a queer feeling all over , -- a little chilly feeling 
 time she went on talking : 'Dear , dear ! How queer everything is to-day ! And yesterday things we
being drowned in my own tears ! That WILL be a queer thing , to be sure ! However , everything is q
r thing , to be sure ! However , everything is queer to-day . ' Just then she heard something splas
before she had found the fan and gloves . 'How queer it seems , ' Alice said to herself , 'to be go
rfly , I should think you 'll feel it a little queer , wo n't you ? ' 'Not a bit , ' said the Cater
id Alice ; 'all I know is , it would feel very queer to ME . ' 'You ! ' said the Caterpillar contem
surprised at this , she was getting so used to queer things happening . While she was looking at th
 what she was saying , and the words came very queer indeed : -- `` Tis the voice of the Lobster ; 
ear the very tones of her voice , and see that queer little toss of her head to keep back the wande
 the shriek of the Gryphon , and all the other queer noises , would change ( she knew ) to the conf
nds into his loose grey garment and drew out a queer looking leather purse . It contained exactly t
 ? '' asked Turnbull . MacIan broke out with a queer and living voice . `` We must fight now , Turn
would be sure to be something that looked very queer . '' Evan put his hand to his forehead and beg
ose we do seem -- -- '' '' Oh , yes , you look queer enough , '' she said , with ringing sincerity 
ung man , accepting the monstrous event with a queer and clumsy naturalness ; `` what is my sword w
rozen for an instant by his astonishment , the queer figure in the airy car tipped the vehicle almo
 with unquestionable warmth , but still with a queer kind of simplicity . It was rather as if he we
out the upper part of it . `` His eyes do look queer , '' cried the young woman , strongly moved . 
gnor Muscari , '' said the cleric , `` in this queer crisis personalities may be pardoned . I may t
ould call it uncommonly thin . But that 's the queer thing about the whole business . The lie is li
the principals must not meet . Have you read a queer psychological story by Henry James , of two pe
 of each other , '' said Father Brown , with a queer kind of smile . `` They contradict each other 
 's house towards the wilderness , and has two queer wrinkled trees , so dismal that they look more
ttle assistance , ' he continued with the same queer , priggish accent , ` that may obviate the nec
nt The point is that there really is something queer about Exmoor and his family ; something quite 
m off any topic . `` She seems bothered by the queer tower just as we were . '' Indeed , the black-
 Pacific , and several instruments so rude and queer in shape that savages might have used them eit
himself briskly towards the watering-place , a queer music-hall figure against that grey and frosty
 lower doors being pushed back . '' `` That is queer , '' assented Flambeau . `` But it rather conf
uth as if to whistle . `` Well , well , what a queer story ! What a queer way of killing a man ; bu
. `` Well , well , what a queer story ! What a queer way of killing a man ; but I suppose it was th
al such passages , and came out at last into a queer steel chamber with curved walls , almost spher
face was deadly pale , so that by contrast his queer red hair looked almost scarlet . But he was sm
ly felt all his sense of something spiritually queer return . He had thought at first that they wer
le atmosphere of the city was turned to a very queer kind of green twilight , as of men under the s
tful . After all , what did he know about this queer creature whom he had heedlessly accepted as a 
ong dead ones . '' `` It certainly does make a queer difference , '' said the Professor shakily . `
s which they passed . Afterwards he thought it queer that he should have seen them so clearly . He 
 ? ' demanded the Secretary . `` What is there queer about a captive balloon ? '' `` Nothing , '' s
reat bouncing baby . How can I explain what my queer sympathy was ? It did n't prevent my fighting 
says he is like a changing landscape . This is queer , but it is queerer still that I also have had
`` Get on , '' said Dr. Bull . `` And then the queer thing happened . I had seen his back from the 
r farcical adventures . Syme even saw , with a queer thrill , one dancer dressed like an enormous h
l , with a beak twice as big as himself -- the queer bird which had fixed itself on his fancy like 
dusting his old lexicons and grammars , with a queer handkerchief , mockingly embellished with all 
dgings , and the best of pea coffee . It was a queer sort of place -- a gable-ended old house , one
 sportsman bagging a dead woodcock . All these queer proceedings increased my uncomfortableness , a
visitors . Not at all . Still New Bedford is a queer place . Had it not been for us whalemen , that
 and tried to talk their gibberish . Hence the queer ways about him , though now some time from hom
lete view forward . And half concealed in this queer tenement , I at length found one who by his as
e , so I do n't suppose he will thee . He 's a queer man , Captain Ahab -- so some think -- but a g
 belong to that ; only some of us cherish some queer crotchets no ways touching the grand belief ; 
n the proper place , an exact counterpart of a queer round figure which was tattooed upon his arm ;
f descending the cabin-scuttle . `` It 's very queer . Stop , Stubb ; somehow , now , I do n't well
ould be the first time I ever DID pray . It 's queer ; very queer ; and he 's queer too ; aye , tak
irst time I ever DID pray . It 's queer ; very queer ; and he 's queer too ; aye , take him fore an
ID pray . It 's queer ; very queer ; and he 's queer too ; aye , take him fore and aft , he 's abou
appointments with him in the hold ? Ain't that queer , now ? But there 's no telling , it 's the ol
 first thing babies do , and that 's a sort of queer , too . Damn me , but all things are queer , c
 of queer , too . Damn me , but all things are queer , come to think of 'em . But that 's against m
 Next morning Stubb accosted Flask . `` Such a queer dream , King-Post , I never had . You know the
 , he all of a sudden seemed somehow , in some queer fashion , to swim off into the air . I snored 
Flask ? ai n't there a small drop of something queer about that , eh ? A white whale -- did ye mark
 's the wisest , easiest answer to all that 's queer ; and come what will , one comfort 's always l
e to the fun , that no oarsman could hear such queer invocations without pulling for dear life , an
ole . CHAPTER 49 The Hyena . There are certain queer times and occasions in this strange mixed affa
 ; and the ships themselves often pick up such queer castaway creatures found tossing about the ope
 lads with the pencil those Chinese are , many queer cups and saucers inform us . As for the sign-p
Roanoke . '' `` Born in a ferry-boat ! That 's queer , too . But I want to know what country you we
 receive , surround you , I candidly confess a queer , queer race , of novel fashion , And yet the 
 , surround you , I candidly confess a queer , queer race , of novel fashion , And yet the same old
oyhood ; ) -- More than a generation since , A queer old savage man , a fighter under Washington hi
